's, VSing3PresFin
10th, JJ
12th, JJ
17th, JJ
1830s, NNS
1960s, NNS
1970s, NNS
1980s, NNS
1990s, NNS
19th, JJ
1st, JJ
20-year, NN
20th, JJ
21-year, JJ
21st, JJ
33rd, JJ
430, JJ
70-year, NN
7th, JJ
able, JJ
abolished, VPastFin
abolishing, VGer
above, JJ
abroad, NN
absolute, JJ
absorbing, VGer
abundant, JJ
academic, JJ
access, NN
accessible, JJ
accommodations, NNS
accompanied, VPastPart
according, VGer
account, VInf
accurate, JJ
accused, VPastPart
achieve, VInf
acoustic, JJ
acquaintances, NNS
activities, NNS
actor, NN
ad, NN
adage, NN
add, VInf
add, VPresFin
added, VPastPart
adding, VGer
adding, VPresPart
additional, JJ
address, VInf
address, VPresFin
adequate, JJ
adjusters, NNS
administrative, JJ
adopt, VInf
adults, NNS
adverse, JJ
advised, VPastPart
advisory, NN
aesthetic, JJ
afraid, JJ
afternoon, NN
age, NN
aged, JJ
ageless, JJ
agreeing, VGer
agriculture, NN
aim, NN
air, NN
alarmed, VPastPart
alarms, VSing3PresFin
aligned, VPastPart
alignment, NN
alive, JJ
alleged, JJ
allocated, VPastPart
allow, VInf
almost, JJ
altar, NN
alterations, NNS
alternative, JJ
ambassadors, NNS
ameliorate, VInf
american, JJ
amount, NN
ancestral, JJ
ancient, JJ
animal, NN
announcement, NN
answer, NN
answer, VInf
answering, VGer
anti-christ, NN
anyone, NN
anything, NN
apparent, JJ
appealing, JJ
appears, VSing3PresFin
applauded, VPastFin
appliances, NNS
applying, VGer
appointed, VPastFin
appreciated, VPastPart
approach, NN
approach, VPresFin
arab, JJ
arabs, NNS
arching, VGer
architect, NN
architects, NNS
architectural, JJ
architecture, NN
archivists, NNS
are, VPresFin
area, NN
areas, NNS
armenian, JJ
armies, NNS
arrested, VPastPart
arrests, VSing3PresFin
arriving, VGer
art, NN
article, NN
articles, NNS
ask, VInf
asked, VPastFin
aspect, NN
aspects, NNS
assemble, VInf
asserted, VPastFin
asserted, VPastPart
assist, VInf
assisted, VPastPart
assume, VInf
assuming, VGer
atmospheric, JJ
attached, VPastPart
attack, VInf
attacked, VPastFin
attempt, VInf
attempting, VGer
attorney, NN
attractions, NNS
attractive, JJ
attributed, VPastPart
audience, NN
australian, JJ
authorities, NNS
authority, NN
authors, NNS
automate, VInf
automobile, NN
autumn, NN
avenue, NN
avenues, NNS
average, NN
awakening, NN
awkward, JJ
azure, JJ
baby, NN
back, NN
background, NN
bacon, NN
bag, NN
bags, NNS
bail, NN
ban, NN
barren, JJ
bars, NNS
base, NN
based, VPastPart
basic, JJ
basin, NN
basis, NN
basketball, NN
battle, NN
battles, NNS
battling, VGer
bazaar, NN
be, VInf
beaches, NNS
beast, NN
beautiful, JJ
beauty, NN
became, VPastFin
become, VInf
become, VPastPart
becoming, VPresPart
bed, NN
been, VPastPart
began, VPastFin
begin, VInf
beginning, NN
begins, VSing3PresFin
begun, VPastPart
being, VGer
beings, NNS
beliefs, NNS
belong, VPresFin
belongs, VSing3PresFin
bend, NN
benefiting, VGer
best, JJS
better, JJR
bib, NN
billion-year-contract, NN
bird, NN
birds, NNS
birthplace, NN
bit, NN
black, JJ
blacked, VPastPart
blankets, NNS
bleachers, NNS
blog, NN
blue, JJ
board, NN
body, NN
bone, NN
book, NN
boom, NN
boost, VInf
borders, NNS
born, VPastPart
bother, VInf
bother, VPresFin
bottle, NN
bottles, NNS
boulevards, NNS
bound, VPastPart
box, NN
boy, NN
brain, NN
brains, NNS
branches, NNS
brand, NN
bread, NN
breaking, NN
breast, NN
breastfeeding, VGer
breath, NN
bridge, NN
brightly-colored, JJ
bring, VInf
bringing, VGer
broke, VPastFin
bugs, NNS
build, VInf
building, NN
buildings, NNS
builds, VSing3PresFin
built, VPastPart
bulletin, NN
businessman, NN
busy, JJ
buy, VInf
byzantian, JJ
cab, NN
call, VInf
call, VPresFin
called, VPastFin
called, VPastPart
calligraphic, JJ
calling, VGer
calls, NNS
came, VPastFin
camera, NN
campaigns, NNS
camping, VGer
camps, NNS
candies, NNS
candle, NN
candy, NN
canvas, NN
capital, NN
car, NN
cards, NNS
carpets, NNS
carried, VPastPart
carry, VInf
case, NN
cat, NN
catch, VInf
category, NN
cause, NN
cause, VInf
caused, VPastPart
caution, NN
celebrated, VPastFin
cell, NN
cent, NN
center, NN
central, JJ
centre, NN
centuries, NNS
century, NN
ceremonies, NNS
certain, JJ
certainty, NN
challenge, NN
change, NN
change, VInf
changed, VPastFin
changed, VPastPart
changes, NNS
characterised, VPastPart
characterized, VPastPart
characterizing, VGer
characters, NNS
charged, VPastPart
charges, NNS
charm, NN
charming, JJ
check, VInf
cheek, NN
cheesecloth, NN
chemicals, NNS
chemistry, NN
chief, JJ
child, NN
children, NNS
chlorine-containing, JJ
choose, VInf
choose, VPresFin
chosen, VPastPart
church, NN
churches, NNS
circular, JJ
cities, NNS
citizen, NN
citizens, NNS
city, NN
civilization, NN
claim, NN
claimed, VPastFin
claiming, VGer
claims, NNS
class, NN
classes, NNS
classic, JJ
classical, JJ
clean, JJ
cleaned, VPastPart
clear, VInf
cleared, VPastFin
click, NN
clicked, VPastFin
cliffs, NNS
climate, NN
clinics, NNS
close, JJ
clothes, NNS
clothing, NN
coast, NN
coastal, JJ
coastline, NN
coat, NN
cocktails, NNS
code, NN
coffee, NN
cold, JJ
collapsed, VPastFin
colleagues, NNS
college, NN
color, NN
colors, NNS
columns, NNS
combination, NN
come, VInf
comes, VSing3PresFin
comfortable, JJ
comics, NNS
coming, VGer
coming, VPresPart
command-in-chief, NN
commenced, VPastFin
comment, VInf
commit, VInf
commitments, NNS
common, JJ
communal, JJ
communion, NN
community, NN
comparison, NN
competencies, NNS
complained, VPastPart
completed, VPastPart
complicated, VPastPart
complied, VPastPart
comprise, VPresFin
computer, NN
concentrating, VPresPart
concepts, NNS
conceptual, JJ
concluded, VPastFin
conclusion, NN
concrete, NN
condenses, VSing3PresFin
condition, NN
conditions, NNS
confidence, NN
confirm, VPresFin
connecting, VGer
connects, VSing3PresFin
conquer, VInf
conscious, JJ
consequences, NNS
consider, VPresFin
considerable, JJ
considered, VPastFin
considered, VPastPart
consisting, VGer
consortium, NN
conspiracy, NN
constant, JJ
constitution, NN
constructed, VPastPart
construction, NN
constructive, JJ
consumption, NN
contact, NN
contacted, VPastFin
contain, VInf
contains, VSing3PresFin
contamination, NN
content, NN
context, NN
contexts, NNS
continuation, NN
continue, VInf
continued, VPastFin
continued, VPastPart
contract, NN
contravention, NN
contributed, VPastPart
contributory, JJ
control, NN
conventional, JJ
convict, NN
convinced, VPastPart
convincing, JJ
cooking, NN
cooperated, VPastFin
copy, NN
coral, JJ
corneas, NNS
corner, NN
corresponding, JJ
corruption, NN
cosmopolitan, JJ
countless, JJ
countries, NNS
country, NN
couple, NN
coupled, VPastPart
course, NN
court, NN
covered, VPastPart
creams, NNS
create, VInf
created, VPastFin
created, VPastPart
creation, NN
cretinism, NN
crickets, NNS
crime, NN
critical, JJ
cross-sectional, JJ
crossing, VGer
crucial, JJ
crude, JJ
crunchers, NNS
crying, VGer
cultural, JJ
currency, NN
curriculum, NN
customs, NNS
cut, VInf
cut, VPastPart
cut-off, VPastPart
cute, JJ
cutie, NN
cyber, JJ
cycle, NN
cycles, NNS
cyclone, NN
cyclones, NNS
daily, JJ
dairy, NN
damage, NN
damaged, JJ
damages, NNS
damp, JJ
dangerous, JJ
daring, JJ
dark, JJ
dark, NN
darker, JJR
data, NNS
dating, VGer
daughter, NN
day, NN
days, NNS
dead, JJ
deafness, NN
deal, VInf
dealt, VPastPart
death, NN
decade, NN
decades, NNS
decide, VInf
decided, VPastFin
decided, VPastPart
decision, NN
decisions, NNS
decisive, JJ
declare, VPresFin
declared, VPastPart
declares, VSing3PresFin
declaring, VGer
decline, NN
declined, VPastPart
declining, VGer
decreasing, VGer
decree, NN
decrees, NNS
deep, JJ
defector, NN
defectors, NNS
defending, VGer
defense, NN
deficiency, NN
deficient, JJ
defy, VPresFin
delivery, NN
democracy, NN
demolished, VPastPart
denim, NN
department, NN
dependent, JJ
depends, VSing3PresFin
depose, VInf
deposited, VPastPart
depression, NN
described, VPastFin
described, VPastPart
design, NN
design, VInf
designed, VPastPart
desire, NN
desire, VPresFin
desk, NN
desperate, JJ
destroyed, VPastFin
details, NNS
detective, NN
detergent, NN
deteriorate, VInf
deteriorated, VPastFin
devastating, JJ
develop, VInf
developed, VPastFin
developed, VPastPart
development, NN
device, NN
devoted, VPastPart
did, VPastFin
died, VPastFin
diesel, NN
diet, NN
dietary, JJ
differences, NNS
different, JJ
difficult, JJ
difficulties, NNS
digital, JJ
diluted, VPastPart
dilution, NN
dilutions, NNS
dipped, VPastFin
direct, JJ
direct, VInf
directors, NNS
disaster, NN
discovered, VPastPart
discuss, VInf
discussed, VPastFin
discussion, NN
disease, NN
disgruntled, JJ
dishwasher, NN
disliked, VPastFin
disorders, NNS
dissipate, VInf
dissolve, VInf
dissolved, VPastPart
dissolves, VSing3PresFin
distance, NN
distances, NNS
distinguish, VPresFin
distributed, VPastFin
distributes, VSing3PresFin
districts, NNS
dive, NN
divers, NNS
diverse, JJ
diving, NN
do, VInf
do, VPresFin
doctor, NN
document, NN
documenting, VGer
doing, VGer
domain, NN
dome, NN
dominant, JJ
donations, NNS
done, VPastPart
doomed, VPastPart
door, NN
doors, NNS
doubt, NN
draconian, JJ
draft, VInf
draped, VPastFin
draw, VInf
dress, NN
dress, VInf
drink, NN
drink, VInf
drive, NN
drive, VInf
driven, VPastPart
drives, NNS
driving, VGer
drizzle, NN
drizzling, VPresPart
dropped, VPastFin
drops, NNS
drowned, JJ
dry, JJ
dry, VInf
dryer, NN
due, JJ
dutch, JJ
dwells, VSing3PresFin
early, JJ
earthworms, NNS
ease, VInf
easier, JJR
east, JJ
east-west, JJ
eat, VPresFin
eating, NN
eats, VSing3PresFin
eaves, NNS
eccentric, JJ
eclipse, VInf
economic, JJ
eczema, NN
edge, NN
edible, JJ
edict, NN
editor, NN
educative, JJ
effect, NN
effective, JJ
effects, NNS
efforts, NNS
eggs, NNS
eighth-grade, NN
elderly, JJ
elected, VPastPart
element, NN
elements, NNS
elephants, NNS
elite, JJ
embarking, VGer
embellish, VInf
emergency, NN
emissions, NNS
emperor, NN
empire, NN
employment, NN
empty, JJ
empty, VInf
enable, VInf
enclosed, VPastPart
encouraging, VGer
end, NN
endanger, VInf
endeavor, NN
ended, VPastFin
ending, NN
enemy, NN
energy, NN
engaging, VGer
enjoy, VInf
enjoy, VPresFin
enjoying, VGer
enjoys, VSing3PresFin
enough, JJ
ensuring, VGer
entails, VSing3PresFin
enter, VInf
entertainer, NN
entertainment, NN
enthusiasm, NN
entire, JJ
entitled, VPastPart
era, NN
escaped, VPastFin
essence, NN
essential, JJ
established, VPastFin
establishments, NNS
estimated, JJ
ethnic, JJ
european, JJ
evacuate, VInf
evacuation, NN
evacuations, NNS
evaporated, VPastPart
evaporation, NN
evenings, NNS
event, NN
events, NNS
everyone, NN
everything, NN
evidence, NN
evil, NN
evils, NNS
evolved, VPastPart
evolving, VPresPart
exaggerated, JJ
exaggeration, NN
example, NN
excellent, JJ
excluded, VPastPart
exist, VInf
existence, NN
existing, VGer
exit, NN
expanded, VPastFin
experience, NN
experienced, VPastFin
experiment, VInf
expertise, NN
experts, NNS
explain, VInf
explanation, NN
exposure, NN
expressed, VPastFin
expression, NN
extended, VPastFin
extending, VGer
extensive, JJ
extent, NN
extra, JJ
fabric, NN
facelift, NN
facilitating, VGer
facing, VGer
fact, NN
factions, NNS
factor, NN
faded, VPastFin
fail, VInf
failed, VPastFin
faint, JJ
fair, JJ
fallout, NN
familiar, JJ
family, NN
famous, JJ
farming, NN
fashioned, JJ
fast, JJ
fasten, VInf
fastened, VPastPart
fasteners, NNS
father, NN
fathers, NNS
favorite, JJ
favour, NN
feedback, NN
feel, VInf
feel, VPresFin
feeling, VGer
feels, VSing3PresFin
festivals, NNS
fever, NN
few, JJ
fiction, NN
field, NN
fight, VInf
fighting, VPresPart
file, NN
files, NNS
filigree, NN
fill, VInf
filter, NN
filtered, VPastPart
final, JJ
financing, NN
find, VInf
fine, JJ
finger, NN
finished, VPastPart
finishing, VGer
first, JJ
fishermen, NNS
fishing, NN
fishing, VGer
fixed, VPastPart
fl, JJ
flattered, VPastFin
flavor, NN
flavor, VInf
flavor(s), NNS
flavorful, JJ
flavoring, NN
flavors, NNS
flavour, NN
fleet, NN
flights, NNS
fling, VInf
flooding, NN
flooding, VGer
floor, NN
floors, NNS
floral, JJ
fluent, JJ
fodder, NN
foetus, NN
follow, VInf
follow, VPresFin
followed, VPastFin
followed, VPastPart
following, VGer
food, NN
foods, NNS
foothills, NNS
force, NN
forced, VPastFin
forces, NNS
forecast, NN
forecasts, NNS
foreseeing, VGer
forget, VInf
forget, VPresFin
forging, VGer
form, NN
form, VInf
formed, VPastFin
former, JJ
forms, NNS
fortification, NN
fortune, NN
found, VPastFin
found, VPastPart
foundation, NN
founded, VPastPart
four-courtyard, NN
frame, VInf
fraud, NN
free, JJ
freedom, NN
freeways, NNS
freeze, VInf
freezer, NN
frequented, VPastFin
friction, NN
friend, NN
friend(s), NNS
friends, NNS
front, NN
fruitful, JJ
fruity, JJ
fry, VInf
fuel, VInf
full, JJ
fun, JJ
fun, NN
function, NN
function, VInf
fundamental, JJ
funeral, NN
funnel, NN
funny, JJ
furniture, NN
further, JJR
future, JJ
future, NN
futures, NNS
g, NNS
gag, NN
gallon, NN
games, NNS
gaming, NN
gaps, NNS
gardens, NNS
gather, VPresFin
gave, VPastFin
general, JJ
generation, NN
generations, NNS
gentrification, NN
genuflected, VPastFin
geographic, JJ
get, VInf
get, VPresFin
getting, VGer
getting, VPresPart
girl, NN
given, VPastPart
gives, VSing3PresFin
giving, VGer
glass, NN
glove, NN
gnp, NN
go, VInf
go, VPresFin
going, VGer
going, VPresPart
goiter, NN
good, JJ
got, VInf
got, VPastPart
gov't, NN
government, NN
grade, NN
graduate, NN
grand, JJ
grape, NN
grass, NN
great, JJ
greater, JJR
greek, JJ
green, JJ
green, NN
grew, VPastFin
gridlock, NN
gross, JJ
ground, NN
group, NN
grow, VInf
growing, VPresPart
growth, NN
guests, NNS
guidelines, NNS
guilty, JJ
guy, NN
guys, NNS
gym, NN
h, NN
had, VPastFin
hair, NN
half, NN
half-understood, JJ
hall, NN
halls, NNS
hand, NN
hand-painted, JJ
handle, NN
hands, NNS
hands-on, JJ
handy, JJ
happened, VPastFin
happens, VSing3PresFin
harbor, NN
hard, JJ
harem, NN
harking, VGer
has, VSing3PresFin
hate, VPresFin
have, VInf
have, VPresFin
having, VGer
head, NN
headed, VPastPart
health, NN
healthy, JJ
hear, VInf
hear, VPresFin
heard, VPastFin
heard, VPastPart
hearing, NN
hearing, VGer
heartbeat, NN
heat, NN
heatwaves, NNS
heavier, JJR
heavy, JJ
heels, NNS
helicopters, NNS
help, NN
help, VInf
helped, VPastFin
helping, VPresPart
hiding, VGer
high, JJ
high-ranking, JJ
highlights, NNS
hill, NN
hired, VPastPart
historic, JJ
historical, JJ
histories, NNS
history, NN
hit, VPastFin
hold, VInf
holder, NN
holding, VGer
holding, VPresPart
holiday, NN
holy, JJ
homage, NN
home, NN
homeless, JJ
homeopath, NN
homeopathic, JJ
homeopaths, NNS
homeopathy, NN
homes, NNS
honored, VPastPart
hope, VPresFin
hormone, NN
hosted, VPastFin
hot, JJ
hotel, NN
hour, NN
hours, NNS
housing, NN
human, JJ
humanities, NNS
humanity, NN
humored, VPastPart
humorous, JJ
hungry, JJ
husbands, NNS
i, JJ
i.=, JJ
idea, NN
ideal, JJ
ideas, NNS
identify, VInf
identity, NN
ii, JJ
illness, NN
illustrate, VInf
image, NN
imagined, VPastFin
immortalized, VPastPart
imperial, JJ
implementation, NN
importance, NN
important, JJ
improve, VInf
improved, VPastFin
improved, VPastPart
improvement, NN
inadequacies, NNS
inadequate, JJ
incentive, NN
include, VInf
included, VPastFin
including, VGer
income, NN
incongruous, JJ
increased, VPastFin
increased, VPastPart
increasing, VGer
independent, JJ
index, NN
indian, JJ
indigenous, JJ
individual, JJ
individual, NN
indonesians, NNS
industrial, JJ
industrialized, VPastFin
industry, NN
inertia, NN
inevitable, JJ
infant, NN
infection, NN
infections, NNS
influence, NN
influx, NN
information, NN
infrastructure, NN
infuse, VInf
ingredients, NNS
inhabitants, NNS
initial, JJ
initiate, VInf
initiative, NN
initiatives, NNS
ink, NN
ins, NNS
insane, JJ
inscribed, VPastPart
inscriptions, NNS
inside, NN
insides, NNS
inspiration, NN
inspire, VInf
instinct, NN
institutes, NNS
intake, NN
integrity, NN
intellectual, JJ
intended, VPastPart
intensity, NN
intensive, JJ
interested, JJ
interesting, JJ
interior, NN
international, JJ
interrogated, VPastFin
interrogated, VPastPart
interrogative, JJ
interviewee, NN
interviews, NNS
interviews, VSing3PresFin
intoxication, NN
introduced, VPastFin
introduced, VPastPart
invested, VPastPart
investigator, NN
investing, VGer
invite, VInf
invited, VPastPart
involved, VPastFin
involved, VPastPart
involving, VGer
iodine, NN
iodine-containing, JJ
iodisation, NN
iodise, VInf
iodised, VPastPart
iq, NN
iranian, JJ
iron, NN
irrelevant, JJ
irritable, JJ
is, VSing3PresFin
islamic, JJ
island, NN
issue, NN
issued, VPastFin
issued, VPastPart
italian, JJ
items, NNS
jagged, JJ
jam, NN
japanese, JJ
japanese, NNS
jar, NN
jargon, NN
jeans, NNS
job-seekers, NNS
joined, VPastFin
joined, VPastPart
joke, NN
joke-telling, NN
jokes, NNS
journals, NNS
jug, NN
jump, NN
keep, VInf
keeping, VGer
keeping, VPresPart
kept, VPastFin
key, JJ
kid, NN
kids, NNS
killed, VPastPart
killer, NN
killing, VPresPart
kilometers, NNS
kind, NN
king, NN
kingdom, NN
km, NNS
knew, VPastFin
knocking, VPresPart
know, VInf
know, VPresFin
knowledge, NN
known, VPastPart
knows, VSing3PresFin
labor, NN
laboring, VPresPart
lack, NN
laid, VPastPart
lakes, NNS
land, NN
landfall, NN
landslides, NNS
large, JJ
larger, JJR
largest, JJS
last, JJ
last, VInf
lasting, JJ
late, JJ
latent, JJ
latter, JJ
laugh, NN
laugh, VInf
law, NN
laws, NNS
lawsuit, NN
lawyer, NN
lay, VInf
laying, VGer
layout, NN
lead, VInf
leading, VGer
leads, VSing3PresFin
learn, VInf
learn, VPresFin
learned, VPastPart
learning, NN
least, JJS
leather, NN
leave, VInf
leaving, VGer
lecture, NN
lectures, NNS
led, VPastFin
left, VPastFin
left, VPastPart
legal, JJ
legend, NN
legislature, NN
legs, NNS
length, NN
lengthy, JJ
less, JJR
lessons, NNS
let, VInf
lets, VSing3PresFin
letters, NNS
level, NN
librarian, NN
librarians, NNS
libraries, NNS
library, NN
lie, VInf
lies, NNS
life, NN
lifehood, NN
lifestyle, NN
lifetimes, NNS
light, JJ
light, NN
light, VInf
like, JJ
like, VInf
like, VPresFin
liked, VPastFin
likely, JJ
lime, JJ
lime, NN
limestone, NN
limit, NN
limitless, JJ
limits, NNS
line, NN
line, VInf
linen, NN
linoleum, NN
lists, NNS
literature, NN
liters, NNS
little, JJ
live, VPresFin
lives, NNS
living, NN
living, VGer
living, VPresPart
load, NN
loaf, NN
lobby, NN
local, JJ
locals, NNS
located, VPastPart
locations, NNS
long, JJ
look, VInf
look, VPresFin
looked, VPastFin
looking, VGer
looking, VPresPart
loose, JJ
loose, VInf
lose, VInf
lose, VPresFin
loss, NN
lost, VPastFin
lot, NN
lots, NNS
loud, JJ
low, JJ
lush, JJ
machine, NN
machines, NNS
made, VPastFin
made, VPastPart
madman, NN
magnificent, JJ
mail, NN
main, JJ
mainland, JJ
mainland, NN
maintain, VPresFin
major, JJ
majority, NN
make, VInf
make, VPresFin
makes, VSing3PresFin
making, VGer
making, VPresPart
malnourished, JJ
malnutrition, NN
man, NN
management, NN
managing, VPresPart
mandate, NN
mandatory, JJ
manganese, NN
manslaughter, NN
manufacture, NN
manufacturers, NNS
many, JJ
marked, VPastFin
markets, NNS
mass, JJ
mass, NN
masterpieces, NNS
material, JJ
material, NN
materials, NNS
matter, NN
matter, VInf
matters, NNS
maximum, NN
mean, JJ
mean, VPresFin
meaning, VGer
means, VSing3PresFin
measured, VPastPart
media, NNS
medical, JJ
medicine, NN
meet, VInf
meet, VPresFin
meeting, NN
melt, VInf
melting, VPresPart
member, NN
members, NNS
memorize, VInf
memorized, VPastPart
memory, NN
men, NNS
menace, VInf
mental, JJ
mention, VInf
message, NN
met, VPastFin
met, VPastPart
metal, NN
meteorological, JJ
meters, NNS
method, NN
methodological, JJ
methods, NNS
metropolitan, JJ
mice, NNS
middle, JJ
migrated, VPastFin
mild, JJ
military, JJ
milk, NN
millions, NNS
mills, NNS
minarets, NNS
mind, NN
mind, VInf
mineral, NN
miners, NNS
mines, NNS
minimize, VInf
mining, NN
mining, VGer
minor, JJ
minute, NN
minutes, NNS
misogynist, JJ
mistake, NN
mistakes, NNS
mix, NN
mixed, VPastPart
mixes, VSing3PresFin
mixture, NN
ml, NN
ml, NNS
mobs, NNS
model, NN
modern, JJ
modernity, NN
moisture, NN
molecules, NNS
moment, NN
money, NN
month, NN
months, NNS
monuments, NNS
mop, NN
more, JJR
mosaic, NN
mosque, NN
mosques, NNS
most, JJS
mother, NN
mothers, NNS
motifs, NNS
motivated, VPastPart
mountain, NN
mountains, NNS
mouth, NN
move, VInf
move, VPresFin
moved, VPastPart
moves, VSing3PresFin
movie, NN
movies, NNS
moving, VGer
much, JJ
mud, NN
multiple, JJ
municipality, NN
murals, NNS
murder, NN
music, NN
musician, NN
muslim, JJ
muslin, NN
mutation, NN
name, NN
named, VPastPart
nappy, NN
nation, NN
national, JJ
nationalities, NNS
natural, JJ
naturalistic, JJ
naturopaths, NNS
navy, JJ
navy, NN
necessary, JJ
need, NN
need, VInf
need, VPresFin
needed, VPastFin
needed, VPastPart
needs, VSing3PresFin
negligence, NN
neoclassical, JJ
nervous, JJ
network, NN
neurological, JJ
neuropsychological, JJ
new, JJ
newer, JJR
news, NN
newspapers, NNS
next, JJ
niches, NNS
night, NN
nights, NNS
nine-month-old, JJ
nobility, NN
nobody, NN
noise, NN
noises, NNS
nomadic, JJ
nonsense, NN
normal, JJ
north-south, JJ
northwest, JJ
nose, NN
noses, NNS
notable, JJ
note, VInf
noted, VPastPart
numerous, JJ
nutritional, JJ
objectives, NNS
observed, VPastFin
occasional, JJ
occupied, VPastFin
occur, VInf
occurring, VGer
occurring, VPresPart
occurs, VSing3PresFin
ocean, NN
offer, VInf
office, NN
official, JJ
officials, NNS
oil, NN
okay, JJ
old, JJ
older, JJR
oldest, JJS
one-liners, NNS
one-minute, JJ
ones, NNS
ongoing, JJ
online, JJ
only, JJ
onset, NN
open, JJ
opening, NN
operation, NN
opportunity, NN
option, NN
orchestrated, VPastFin
order, NN
order, VInf
ordered, VPastFin
organization, NN
organize, VInf
oriented, VPastPart
original, JJ
other, JJ
others, NNS
outbreak, NN
outs, NNS
outside, JJ
outsiders, NNS
overall, JJ
overalls, NNS
overdose, NN
own, JJ
oz, NN
pace, NN
packed, VPastFin
pail, NN
painter, NN
paintings, NNS
palace, NN
palaces, NNS
palm, NN
palmed, JJ
pants, NNS
paper, NN
paper-type, NN
paradises, NNS
parents, NNS
part, NN
participants, NNS
participating, VGer
particular, JJ
parties, NNS
partner, NN
parts, NNS
past, JJ
past, NN
path, NN
patience, NN
patients, NNS
pauses, NNS
pay, VInf
payoff, NN
peace, NN
peach, NN
peak, NN
pedestrianized, VPastPart
peer-reviewed, JJ
penitentiary, NN
people, NNS
peremptory, JJ
period, NN
pernicious, JJ
persian, JJ
persians, NNS
person, NN
personality, NN
personalize, VInf
persuaded, VPastPart
peruvian, JJ
pew, NN
phone, NN
phones, NNS
photo, NN
photograph, NN
physics, NN
picked, VPastPart
picnic, VInf
picturesque, JJ
piece, NN
place, NN
place, VInf
placebo, NN
places, NNS
placing, VGer
plan, NN
plan, VPresFin
plane, NN
planners, NNS
planning, NN
plastic-type, NN
play, VInf
played, VPastFin
player, NN
playing, VGer
pleaded, VPastFin
pleasant, JJ
pleases, VSing3PresFin
plied, VPastFin
pocket, NN
pockets, NNS
point, NN
points, NNS
police, NN
polish, NN
political, JJ
pollution, NN
pool, NN
popular, JJ
population, NN
portal, NN
position, NN
possess, VPresFin
possibilities, NNS
possible, JJ
post-modern, JJ
poster, NN
potential, NN
pour, VInf
poured, VPastPart
power, NN
practice, NN
practice, VInf
practicing, VGer
practising, VGer
pre-historic, JJ
preferred, VPastPart
pregnant, JJ
prejudices, NNS
preparation, NN
prepared, VPastPart
preparedness, NN
preparing, VGer
prescription, NN
presence, NN
present, JJ
present, VInf
preserved, VPastPart
press, NN
prestigious, JJ
pretended, VPastFin
pretense, NN
prevalent, JJ
prevent, VInf
prevent, VPresFin
preventable, JJ
preventing, VGer
previous, JJ
pricy, JJ
primary, JJ
principle, NN
private, JJ
pro-active, JJ
problem, NN
problems, NNS
proceed, VInf
proceeded, VPastFin
proceeding, VGer
process, NN
proclaim, VPresFin
proclaimed, VPastFin
proclaiming, VGer
proclamations, NNS
producer, NN
product, NN
products, NNS
professional, JJ
program, NN
programmers, NNS
project, NN
projects, NNS
prominence, NN
promised, VPastPart
prompted, VPastPart
prone, JJ
propaganda, NN
proper, JJ
property, NN
prosecuted, VPastPart
prosecutor, NN
prosperity, NN
prosperous, JJ
protection, NN
protestant, JJ
protesting, VPresPart
provide, VInf
provide, VPresFin
provided, VPastPart
providing, VGer
province, NN
provinces, NNS
provincial, JJ
provocation, NN
pseudoscience, NN
public, JJ
publication, NN
published, VPastPart
pulled, VPastPart
punchline, NN
pupils, NNS
purple, NN
purpose, NN
purposes, NNS
purse-space, NN
push, VInf
pushes, VSing3PresFin
put, VInf
put, VPastFin
put, VPastPart
put, VPresFin
putting, VGer
quackery, NN
quaint, JJ
quality, NN
quarter, NN
question, NN
questions, NNS
racial, JJ
racket, NN
rags, NNS
raid, NN
rail, NN
rain, NN
rainbow, NN
rainfall, NN
raining, VGer
rains, NNS
rainy, JJ
range, NN
rapid, JJ
rare, JJ
rash, JJ
rasp, NN
ratio, NN
re-emerged, VPastFin
reacting, VPresPart
read, VPastPart
ready, JJ
real, JJ
realistic, JJ
reality, NN
reapportion, VInf
reason, NN
reasonable, JJ
reasons, NNS
rebuilt, VPastFin
receipt, NN
received, VPastPart
receiving, VGer
recent, JJ
recipe, NN
recipient, NN
recommendation, NN
recommends, VSing3PresFin
recording, VGer
recover, VInf
red, JJ
reduced, VPastFin
reduced, VPastPart
reduces, VSing3PresFin
reef, NN
reemerged, VPastFin
refers, VSing3PresFin
reflected, VPastPart
refrigerate, VInf
refusing, VGer
regained, VPastFin
regal, JJ
regalia, NNS
regarded, VPastPart
regenerate, VInf
region, NN
registered, VPastPart
regular, JJ
rehash, VPresFin
reign, NN
relate, VInf
related, VPastPart
relating, VGer
relaxed, VPastPart
relayed, VPastFin
released, VPastPart
religious-national, JJ
remain, VInf
remain, VPresFin
remaining, VGer
remains, VSing3PresFin
remarkable, JJ
remedy, VInf
remember, VInf
reminder, NN
removed, VPastPart
rename, VInf
renovation, NN
repeat, VInf
repetition, NN
replace, VInf
replaced, VPastPart
replied, VPastFin
report, NN
reports, NNS
reports, VSing3PresFin
repose, NN
representative, NN
representatives, NNS
reprinted, VPastPart
repurposing, VGer
request, NN
requested, VPastFin
require, VPresFin
requires, VSing3PresFin
requiring, VGer
research, NN
researcher, NN
researchers, NNS
residence, NN
residents, NNS
resources, NNS
response, NN
responsiveness, NN
restoration, NN
result, NN
results, NNS
resumed, VPastFin
retardation, NN
retell, VPresFin
retreated, VPastFin
returned, VPastFin
returned, VPastPart
revealed, VPastFin
revealed, VPastPart
revision, NN
revolution, NN
rice, NN
rich, JJ
right, JJ
risk, NN
ritualised, VPastPart
river, NN
roads, NNS
roam, VInf
rocked, VPastPart
rocks, NNS
role, NN
room, NN
rotating, VGer
rough, JJ
route, VInf
routed, VPastFin
routes, NNS
royal, JJ
rude, JJ
ruins, NNS
rule, NN
rules, NNS
run, NN
rustle, NN
rustling, NN
safe, JJ
said, VPastFin
said, VPastPart
sailed, VPastFin
salt, NN
same, JJ
sand, NN
sanitisers, NNS
sat, VPastFin
save, VInf
saw, VPastFin
say, VInf
say, VPresFin
says, VSing3PresFin
scale, NN
scent, NN
schedule, NN
scholars, NNS
school, NN
schoolchildren, NNS
schools, NNS
science, NN
scientist, NN
scientology-related, JJ
scoop, VInf
scraping, VGer
scratching, VGer
screen, NN
script, NN
scuba, NN
sea, NN
seafaring, JJ
seafood, NN
season, NN
seasons, NNS
second, JJ
seconds, NNS
secret, JJ
sects, NNS
sedentary, JJ
see, VInf
see, VPresFin
seek, VInf
seeking, VGer
seem, VInf
seen, VPastPart
self-appointed, JJ
self-directed, JJ
send, VInf
senior, JJ
sense, NN
separate, JJ
separate, VInf
series, NN
serious, JJ
servants, NNS
serve, VInf
services, NNS
serving, VGer
servings, NNS
session, NN
sessions, NNS
set, NN
set, VInf
set, VPastPart
setting, VPresPart
settlements, NNS
setup, NN
seven-colour, NN
several, JJ
severe, JJ
shadows, NNS
shake, VInf
shaking, VGer
share, NN
share, VInf
sheet, NN
sheriff, NN
shifted, VPastFin
ships, NNS
shipwrecks, NNS
shirts, NNS
shoes, NNS
shops, NNS
shore, NN
short-lived, JJ
shot, NN
shoulders, NNS
show, VInf
shun, VInf
shunned, VPastFin
shy, JJ
shyness, NN
side, NN
sidetracked, VPastPart
sidewalk, NN
sieve, NN
sign, VInf
significant, JJ
silver, NN
similar, JJ
simplest, JJS
single, JJ
sins, NNS
sister, NN
sit, VInf
site, NN
sites, NNS
situation, NN
situations, NNS
sixth, JJ
size, NN
sized, VPastPart
sketchbook, NN
skies, NNS
skills, NNS
skin, NN
skip, VInf
skittled, VPastPart
skull, NN
sky, NN
slavery, NN
sleeper, NN
sleeve, NN
slight, JJ
small, JJ
smaller, JJR
smell, NN
smelled, VPastFin
smog, NN
smoggy, JJ
smoother, JJR
snorkeling, VGer
snowy, JJ
social, JJ
societal, JJ
soft, JJ
softball, NN
softener, NN
soil, NN
solace, NN
sold, VPastPart
something, NN
sort, NN
sorts, NNS
sound, NN
sound, VPresFin
sounds, NNS
sounds, VSing3PresFin
sour, JJ
source, NN
sourness, NN
south, JJ
space, NN
spaces, NNS
speak, VInf
speaking, VGer
specialist, NN
specialists, NNS
specialized, JJ
specific, JJ
spectacular, JJ
spent, VPastFin
spiral, NN
spiritual, JJ
splash, NN
splendour, NN
sponsored, VPastPart
sporting, NN
spots, NNS
spring, NN
square, NN
squares, NNS
stability, NN
staircase, NN
standard, NN
start, VInf
started, VPastFin
started, VPastPart
starting, VGer
starts, VSing3PresFin
state, NN
stated, VPastFin
stated, VPastPart
statement, NN
states, NNS
states, VSing3PresFin
station, NN
status, NN
stay, VInf
stay, VPresFin
steal, VInf
steel, NN
step, NN
steps, NNS
stirring, VPresPart
stole, VPastFin
stood, VPastFin
stop, VInf
stopped, VPastFin
stopped, VPastPart
storm, NN
storms, NNS
story, NN
strain, VInf
strainer, NN
strap, NN
straps, NNS
stream, NN
streets, NNS
strength, NN
strenuous, JJ
stretched, VPastFin
strict, JJ
strong, JJ
stronger, JJR
structures, NNS
students, NNS
study, NN
stuff, NN
stunning, JJ
stunted, VPastPart
style, NN
subject, NN
subjects, NNS
subsequent, JJ
subsistence, NN
substance, NN
substances, NNS
succeed, VInf
succeeded, VPastPart
such, JJ
suck, VInf
suffered, VPastFin
suffering, VGer
sufficient, JJ
sugary, JJ
suit, NN
suitable, JJ
suited, VPastPart
suits, VSing3PresFin
summer, NN
summoned, VPastFin
sunk, VPastPart
sunny, JJ
supply, NN
support, NN
support, VInf
supporting, VGer
sure, JJ
surface, NN
surges, VSing3PresFin
surprise, VInf
surprising, JJ
surrounded, VPastPart
survey, NN
surviving, VGer
suspect, VPresFin
sustainable, JJ
sustained, VPastPart
sweet, JJ
swirling, VGer
sympathetic, JJ
symposium, NN
symptoms, NNS
syrupy, JJ
system, NN
systems, NNS
t, NN
t-shirt, NN
tag, NN
tailor, VInf
take, VInf
take, VPresFin
taken, VPastPart
takes, VSing3PresFin
taking, VGer
taking, VPresPart
talking, VGer
talking, VPresPart
talks, NNS
tall, JJ
tape, NN
target, NN
taste, NN
tasting, VPresPart
tasty, JJ
taxi, NN
taxonomy, NN
teach, VInf
teachers, NNS
teaching, NN
team, NN
tear, NN
technical, JJ
teenage, JJ
tell, VInf
tell, VPresFin
telling, VGer
temperate, JJ
tension, NN
terrified, JJ
terrorists, NNS
textile, NN
thanks, NNS
theft, NN
theory, NN
thick, JJ
thing, NN
things, NNS
think, VInf
think, VPresFin
third, NN
thirds, NNS
thought, VPastFin
thousands, NNS
threat, NN
three-liners, NNS
thriving, JJ
throat, NN
throw, VPresFin
thrown, VPastPart
thumb, NN
thyroid, NN
tie, VInf
ties, NNS
tiles, NNS
tiling, NN
time, NN
times, NNS
timid, JJ
tiny, JJ
tiny-tiny, JJ
tips, NNS
tires, NNS
title, NN
toast, NN
today, NN
told, VPastFin
told, VPastPart
took, VPastFin
tools, NNS
top, JJ
top, NN
topics, NNS
topper, NN
touch, NN
tourism, NN
tourists, NNS
town, NN
toxic, JJ
track, NN
trade, NN
tradition, NN
traditions, NNS
traffic, NN
training, NN
transportation, NN
travel, VInf
traveled, VPastFin
travelers, NNS
traveling, VGer
treat, VInf
treated, VPastPart
treatment, NN
treatments, NNS
treats, VSing3PresFin
tree-lined, JJ
trial, NN
tribe, NN
tribes, NNS
tried, VPastFin
tried, VPastPart
trip, NN
tropical, JJ
true, JJ
try, VInf
trying, VGer
tunnel, NN
turn, NN
turn, VInf
turned, VPastFin
tutorials, NNS
twist, NN
twist-tied, VPastPart
twisted, JJ
twisted, VPastPart
twisting, VGer
twists, VSing3PresFin
twisty-ness, NN
typical, JJ
unable, JJ
uncle, NN
uncontrolled, JJ
undated, JJ
underage, JJ
undergoing, VPresPart
understand, VInf
understanding, NN
underwater, JJ
underwent, VPastFin
undiluted, JJ
undo, VInf
undue, JJ
unified, VPastFin
unimportant, JJ
united, VPastPart
universities, NNS
unknown, JJ
unprecedented, JJ
unrecognizable, JJ
unrest, NN
unwanted, JJ
urban, JJ
urbanized, VPastFin
urgent, JJ
use, NN
use, VInf
use, VPresFin
used, VPastFin
used, VPastPart
uses, NNS
using, VGer
using, VPresPart
vacation, NN
value, NN
values, NNS
varies, VSing3PresFin
various, JJ
vehicles, NNS
venture, NN
venues, NNS
verse, NN
vested, VPastPart
vice, JJ
victims, NNS
video, JJ
village, NN
violation, NN
virtue, NN
visible, JJ
visit, VInf
visited, VPastFin
visitors, NNS
vodka, NN
voice, NN
void, VInf
voluntary, JJ
wafer, NN
wait, VInf
waiting, VGer
walk, VInf
walked, VPastFin
wall, NN
wallet, NN
walls, NNS
waning, VGer
want, VInf
want, VPresFin
wanted, VPastFin
wants, VSing3PresFin
war, NN
warm, JJ
warmer, JJR
warnings, NNS
warplanes, NNS
wars, NNS
was, VSing1PastFin
was, VSing3PastFin
was, VSingPastFin
wash, NN
wash, VInf
wash, VPresFin
washboard, NN
washing, VGer
watch, NN
water, NN
waters, NNS
wave, NN
way, NN
ways, NNS
weaken, VInf
wealth, NN
wealthiest, JJS
wear, NN
wear, VInf
wear, VPresFin
wearing, VPresPart
web, NN
week, NN
weeping, VPresPart
weird, JJ
welcome, VPresFin
well-understood, JJ
went, VPastFin
were, VPastFin
west, NN
western, JJ
wet, JJ
whatnot, NN
whimsical, JJ
white, JJ
whole, JJ
wide, JJ
widespread, JJ
wife, NN
wild, JJ
wildlife, NN
willing, JJ
window, NN
windows, NNS
winds, NNS
winter, NN
wisdom, NN
wise, JJ
wish, NN
wished, VPastFin
wishes, VSing3PresFin
wives, NNS
woman, NN
women, NNS
wondered, VPastFin
wood, NN
wooden, JJ
words, NNS
work, NN
work, VInf
working, VGer
world, NN
worry, VInf
worsened, VPastFin
worth, JJ
worth, NN
wrapper, NN
wreck, NN
write, VInf
writer, NN
writers, NNS
writes, VSing3PresFin
writings, NNS
written, VPastPart
wrong, JJ
wrote, VPastFin
wrought-iron, JJ
year, NN
years, NNS
yellow, JJ
young, JJ
young, NN
younger, JJR
zip, NN
“ah”s, NNS
“um”s, NNS