", NNS
's, VSing3PresFin
'scopes, NNS
10-year-old, JJ
10th, JJ
11-year, JJ
11th, JJ
12-hour, NN
135th, JJ
13th, JJ
14-year-old, JJ
14th, JJ
1540s, NNS
15th, JJ
1600's, NNS
17th, JJ
17th-century, NN
1800s, NNS
1830s, NNS
1860s, NNS
1920s, NNS
1930s, NNS
1940s, NNS
1960s, NNS
1970s, NNS
1980s, NNS
19th, JJ
19th-century, JJ
20th, JJ
24-hour, JJ
28-city, NN
30s, NNS
4th, JJ
50,000th, JJ
60th, JJ
8-by-8-inch, NN
9/11-related, JJ
abandon, NN
abandoned, VPastFin
abandoned, VPastPart
abilities, NNS
ability, NN
able, JJ
abnormal, JJ
absolute, JJ
absorb, VInf
absurd, JJ
abundance, NN
abundant, JJ
academic, JJ
academic, NN
accelerate, VInf
accelerator, NN
accept, VInf
acceptance, NN
accepted, VPastPart
accepting, VGer
access, NN
access, VPresFin
accessed, VPastPart
accessible, JJ
accident, NN
accommodate, VInf
accommodation, NN
accommodations, NNS
accomplish, VInf
according, VGer
account, NN
account, VInf
account, VPresFin
accounted, VPastFin
accouterments, NNS
accuracy, NN
accurate, JJ
accustomed, JJ
accustomed, VPastPart
achieve, VInf
achieved, VPastFin
achieved, VPastPart
achievements, NNS
achieving, VGer
acknowledged, VPastPart
acknowledging, VGer
acquire, VInf
acquisition, NN
acres, NNS
acrid, JJ
acrimony, NN
act, NN
act, VInf
act, VPresFin
action, NN
actions, NNS
active, JJ
activist, NN
activists, NNS
activities, NNS
activity, NN
actor, NN
actual, JJ
ad, NN
adaptation, NN
adaptations, NNS
adapted, VPastPart
add, VInf
added, JJ
added, VPastFin
added, VPastPart
adding, VGer
addition, NN
additional, JJ
address, VInf
adds, VSing3PresFin
adequate, JJ
adjacent, JJ
adjusting, VGer
admin, NN
administration, NN
administrations, NNS
admins, NNS
admiration, NN
admirers, NNS
admiring, VGer
admitted, VPastFin
adopted, VPastPart
adoption, NN
adorned, VPastPart
adorns, VSing3PresFin
ads, NNS
adult, JJ
adult, NN
adult-like, JJ
advanced, JJ
advanced, VPastPart
advantage, NN
advantages, NNS
adventurous, JJ
adversity, NN
advertise, VInf
advertisers, NNS
advertising, NN
advice, NN
advise, NN
advisor, NN
aerated, VPastFin
aerated, VPastPart
aerogel, NN
aeroplane, NN
aerospace, NN
aesthetic, JJ
affect, NN
affected, VPastPart
affective, JJ
affects, VSing3PresFin
afford, VInf
afraid, JJ
after-noons, NNS
afterlife, NN
aftermath, NN
afternoon, NN
agar-solution, NN
age, NN
aged, VPastPart
agencies, NNS
agency, NN
agglomeration, NN
aggression, NN
aggressive, JJ
agreed, VPastFin
agreement, NN
agriculture, NN
aim, VInf
aim, VPresFin
aimed, VPastFin
aimed, VPastPart
aiming, VGer
aims, VSing3PresFin
air, NN
air, VInf
air-conditionting, NN
air-port/train, NN
air-quality, NN
airline, NN
airlines, NNS
airplane, NN
airport, NN
airports, NNS
airtight, JJ
alarm, NN
alarmed, JJ
albums, NNS
alert, NN
aligned, VPastPart
alignment, NN
alive, JJ
all-out, JJ
allegations, NNS
allegory, NN
alliance, NN
allotted, VPastPart
allow, VInf
allow, VPresFin
allowed, VPastFin
allowed, VPastPart
allows, VSing3PresFin
almanac, NN
alone, JJ
alphabet, NN
alphabetical, JJ
alphabets, NNS
already-made, VPastPart
alt.religion.scientology, NN
altar, NN
alter, VInf
altering, VGer
alternative, NN
altitude, NN
aluminum, NN
amalgamation, NN
amassed, VPastPart
amazed, VPastPart
amazing, JJ
ambiance, NN
ambiguity, NN
ambition, NN
ambitious, JJ
american, JJ
ammonium, NN
amorphous, JJ
amount, NN
amounts, NNS
ample, JJ
amusement, NN
anal, JJ
analogy, NN
analyse, VInf
analyse, VPresFin
analysed, VPastPart
analysis, NN
analytical, JJ
analyzes, VSing3PresFin
anarchy, NN
anatomical, JJ
anatomy, NN
ancestors, NNS
anchorage, NN
ancient, JJ
anemone, NN
anemones, NNS
angel, NN
anger, NN
angle, NN
angles, NNS
angostura, NN
angry, JJ
animal, NN
animals, NNS
anniversary, NN
announce, VInf
announced, VPastFin
announcement, NN
annoy, VInf
annoyances, NNS
annoying, VGer
annual, JJ
annuals, NNS
anonymous, JJ
answer, NN
answered, VPastFin
answers, NNS
ant, NN
antarctic, JJ
anthropologist, NN
anti-establishment, JJ
anti-pyongyang, JJ
anticipate, VInf
anticipated, VPastPart
anticipating, VGer
antifreeze, NN
antiquated, JJ
antiseptic, NN
ants, NNS
anybody, NN
anyone, NN
anything, NN
apartment, NN
aphid, NN
aphids, NNS
apparent, JJ
appeal, NN
appeal, VInf
appeal, VPresFin
appear, VInf
appear, VPresFin
appearance, NN
appeared, VPastFin
appearing, VGer
appears, VSing3PresFin
application, NN
apply, VInf
apply, VPresFin
applying, VGer
applying, VPresPart
appreciate, VInf
appreciated, VPastPart
appreciation, NN
approach, NN
approach, VInf
approach, VPresFin
approached, VPastFin
approaches, NNS
approaches, VSing3PresFin
appropriate, JJ
apps, NNS
aquatic, JJ
archaeological, JJ
archeological, JJ
architect, NN
architectural, JJ
architecture, NN
are, VPresFin
area, NN
areas, NNS
arena, NN
arid, JJ
arises, VSing3PresFin
aristocratic, JJ
arm, NN
arms, NNS
aromatic, JJ
arrange, VInf
arranged, VPastPart
arrangement, NN
array, NN
arrears, NNS
arrested, VPastFin
arrested, VPastPart
arrival, NN
arrive, VInf
arrive, VPresFin
arrived, VPastFin
arriving, VPresPart
arrogance, NN
arrogant, JJ
art, NN
arterial, JJ
arterials, NNS
article, NN
articles, NNS
artifacts, NNS
artificial, JJ
artillery, NN
artist, NN
artistic, JJ
arts, NNS
artwork, NN
artworks, NNS
asbestos, NN
ashamed, JJ
ashes, NNS
ask, VInf
ask, VPresFin
asked, VPastFin
asked, VPastPart
asking, VGer
asks, VSing3PresFin
asleep, JJ
aspect, NN
aspects, NNS
asserted, VPastPart
asserting, VGer
asses, NNS
assess, VInf
assessing, VGer
assessment, NN
assign, VInf
assign, VPresFin
assigned, VPastPart
assist, VInf
assistance, NN
assistant, JJ
assisted, VPastPart
assisting, VGer
associate, NN
associate, VPresFin
associated, VPastPart
association, NN
associations, NNS
assumed, VPastFin
assure, VInf
astrophysics, NN
asylum, NN
asymptotic, JJ
athletes, NNS
athletic, JJ
atm, NN
atmosphere, NN
atmospheric, JJ
atoms, NNS
attached, VPastPart
attack, NN
attack, VInf
attack, VPresFin
attacked, VPastPart
attacks, NNS
attempt, NN
attempt, VPresFin
attempting, VPresPart
attempts, NNS
attend, VInf
attendance, NN
attended, VPastFin
attendees, NNS
attention, NN
attic, NN
attitude, NN
attitudes, NNS
attract, VInf
attracted, VPastFin
attracted, VPastPart
attraction, NN
attractions, NNS
attractive, JJ
attributed, VPastPart
audience, NN
audiences, NNS
audio, NN
audio-visual, JJ
austere, JJ
australian, JJ
authentic, JJ
author, NN
authorities, NNS
autograph, NN
automated, JJ
automotive, JJ
available, JJ
avenue, NN
avenues, NNS
average, JJ
average, NN
averse, JJ
aversion, NN
aviation, NN
avoid, VInf
avoided, VPastFin
avoided, VPastPart
awake, JJ
award, NN
awarded, VPastPart
aware, JJ
awareness, NN
awkwardness, NN
bachelor, NN
back, JJ
back, NN
back, VInf
backed, VPastFin
background, NN
backgrounds, NNS
backyard, NN
bad, JJ
badge, NN
bag, NN
baggy, JJ
bake, VInf
baking, NN
baking, VGer
balance, VInf
balanced, JJ
ball, NN
ballet, NN
balloons, NNS
ballot, NN
balls, NNS
balm, NN
band, NN
band-related, JJ
bands, NNS
banknote, NN
banks, NNS
banned, VPastPart
banner, NN
bantu, JJ
bar, NN
barbeque, VInf
bare, JJ
bares, VSing3PresFin
bark, NN
barons, NNS
barre, NN
bars, NNS
bartender, NN
basalt, NN
base, NN
baseball, NN
based, VPastPart
baseline, NN
bases, VSing3PresFin
basic, JJ
basics, NNS
basil, NN
basils, NNS
basing, VGer
basis, NN
basketball, NN
basters, NNS
bat, NN
bathe, VInf
bathroom, NN
bathrooms, NNS
battery, NN
battle, NN
battled, VPastPart
battling, VPresPart
bays, NNS
bdsm, NN
be, VInf
beach, NN
beaches, NNS
beak, NN
beast, NN
beasts, NNS
beat, VInf
beaten, VPastPart
beaters, NNS
beating, VGer
beautiful, JJ
beauty, NN
became, VPastFin
become, VInf
become, VPastPart
become, VPresFin
becomes, VSing3PresFin
becoming, VGer
becoming, VPresPart
bed, NN
bedroom, NN
beefing, VGer
been, VPastPart
beetles, NNS
began, VPastFin
begin, VInf
begin, VPresFin
beginning, NN
beginnings, NNS
begins, VSing3PresFin
begun, VPastPart
behalf, NN
behaves, VSing3PresFin
behavior, NN
behaviors, NNS
behaviour, NN
behaviours, NNS
being, NN
being, VGer
belief, NN
beliefs, NNS
believe, VInf
believe, VPresFin
believed, VPastFin
believed, VPastPart
believes, VSing3PresFin
belong, VInf
belong, VPresFin
belongs, VSing3PresFin
beloved, JJ
belt, NN
beneficial, JJ
benefit, NN
benefits, NNS
bent, JJ
berthage, NN
best, JJS
best, NN
best-known, JJS
bestiality, NN
bestseller, NN
bet, NN
better, JJR
better, VInf
beverage, NN
bewildered, VPastPart
bias, NN
biceps, NN
bicycle, NN
bicycling, NN
big, JJ
bigger, JJR
biggest, JJS
bike, NN
biked, VPastFin
bills, NNS
binding, NN
biodiversity, NN
biologist, NN
biologists, NNS
biology, NN
bird, NN
birds, NNS
bit, NN
bite, NN
bits, NNS
bitter, JJ
bitters, NNS
bizarre, JJ
black, JJ
black, NN
blackened, VPastPart
blade, NN
blanket, NN
blankets, NNS
blender, NN
blessed, VPastPart
blew, VPastFin
blind, JJ
blindfolded, VPastPart
blink, VInf
blip, NN
block, NN
block, VInf
blog, NN
blogger, NN
blood, NN
bloodied, VPastPart
bloody, JJ
blooming, VGer
blow, VPresFin
blown, VPastPart
bludger, NN
bludgers, NNS
blue, JJ
board, NN
board, VPresFin
boarding, VGer
boasted, VPastPart
boasts, VSing3PresFin
boat, NN
boats, NNS
bobbing, VGer
bodies, NNS
body, NN
bogging, VPresPart
boil, NN
bolting, VGer
bomb, NN
bombarding, VGer
bones, NNS
bony, JJ
book, NN
book, VInf
book, VPresFin
bookkeeping, NN
books, NNS
boom, NN
booming, JJ
boost, NN
booths, NNS
border, NN
bordered, VPastPart
boring, JJ
born, VPastPart
borough, NN
borrow, VInf
borrowings, NNS
bothered, VPastPart
bottled, JJ
bottleneck, NN
bottles, NNS
bottom, JJ
bottom, NN
bottoms, NNS
bought, VPastFin
bound, VPastPart
boundaries, NNS
bounds, NNS
bourbon, NN
boutiques, NNS
bowl, NN
box, NN
boxes, NNS
boy, NN
boys, NNS
brainstorm, VPresFin
braised, JJ
branches, NNS
branches, VSing3PresFin
brand, NN
brave, JJ
breadth, NN
break, NN
break, VInf
breakfast, NN
breaking, VGer
breaks, NNS
breaks, VSing3PresFin
breast, NN
breath, NN
breathe, VInf
breathing, VGer
breathtaking, JJ
breeze, NN
breezes, NNS
brethren, NNS
brevet, NN
bridge, NN
brief, JJ
bright, JJ
brightness, NN
brilliant, JJ
brim, NN
bring, VInf
bringing, VPresPart
brings, VSing3PresFin
broad, JJ
broadcast, NN
broadcast, VInf
broadcast, VPastPart
broadcasters, NNS
broadcasting, NN
broadcasting, VGer
broadcasts, NNS
broadcasts, VSing3PresFin
broader, JJR
brocade, NN
broken, VPastPart
bronze, NN
broom, NN
brooms, NNS
broomsticks, NNS
broth, NN
brother, NN
brothers, NNS
brought, VPastFin
brought, VPastPart
brown, JJ
browse, NN
browser, NN
browsers, NNS
bubble, NN
buddhist, JJ
budget, NN
buds, NNS
buffet, NN
buffs, NNS
bugle, NN
build, VInf
build-outs, NNS
building, NN
building, VGer
buildings, NNS
built, VPastFin
built, VPastPart
bulk, NN
bunch, NN
burial, NN
buried, VPastPart
burned, VPastPart
burrow, VPresFin
burrows, NNS
bus, NN
buses, NNS
bushes, NNS
bushy, JJ
busiest, JJS
business, NN
businesses, NNS
businesslike, JJ
businessperson, NN
bustling, VGer
busy, JJ
butterflies, NNS
button, NN
button-down, JJ
buttons, NNS
buy, VInf
buy, VPresFin
buying, VGer
buzzwords, NNS
bypasses, NNS
byproduct, NN
bystander, NN
cable, NN
cafe, NN
cages, NNS
caked, VPastPart
calendar, NN
call, NN
call, VInf
call, VPresFin
called, VPastFin
called, VPastPart
calling, VGer
calm, JJ
came, VPastFin
camel, NN
camera, NN
cameras, NNS
camp, NN
campaign, NN
campaigning, VGer
camping, NN
camping, VPresPart
camps, NNS
campsites, NNS
campus, NN
can-teen, NN
canadian, JJ
canal, NN
candidate, NN
candidates, NNS
canopy, NN
cans, NNS
capacity, NN
capes, NNS
capita, NN
capital, NN
capitalizing, VPresPart
capsule, NN
capsules, NNS
captain, NN
captained, VPastFin
captive, JJ
capture, VInf
captured, VPastPart
car, NN
carbon, NN
carbonate, NN
carbonyl, NN
card, NN
cardinal, JJ
care, NN
care, VInf
career, NN
careful, JJ
caribbean, JJ
caring, VGer
carried, VPastFin
carries, VSing3PresFin
carry, VInf
carry, VPresFin
carrying, VPresPart
cars, NNS
cart, NN
cartoon, NN
carve, VInf
carved, VPastFin
carvings, NNS
case, NN
cases, NNS
cash, NN
cast, VPastPart
castle, NN
casualties, NNS
cat, NN
catch, VInf
catches, VSing3PresFin
categories, NNS
categorization, NN
category, NN
caterers, NNS
caters, VSing3PresFin
cathedral, NN
catholic, JJ
caught, VPastFin
caught, VPastPart
cause, NN
cause, VInf
caused, VPastFin
caused, VPastPart
causes, NNS
causes, VSing3PresFin
causing, VGer
caustic, JJ
caution, NN
cave, NN
caves, NNS
cawing, VGer
cd, NN
cds, NNS
cease, VInf
ceiling, NN
celebrated, VPastFin
celebrations, NNS
celebrities, NNS
celebrity, NN
cemetery, NN
cenote, NN
census, NN
center, NN
centered, VPastPart
centerpiece, NN
centers, NNS
central, JJ
centre, NN
centres, NNS
centuries, NNS
centuries-old, JJ
century, NN
ceramic, JJ
cereal, NN
certain, JJ
certainty, NN
certified, JJ
chair, NN
chairman, NN
chairs, NNS
chalk, NN
challenge, NN
challenge, VInf
challenge, VPresFin
challenges, NNS
challenging, JJ
challenging, VPresPart
chamber, NN
championship, NN
chance, NN
chances, NNS
change, NN
change, VInf
change, VPresFin
changed, VPastFin
changed, VPastPart
changes, NNS
changes, VSing3PresFin
changing, VGer
changing, VPresPart
channels, NNS
chapter, NN
character, NN
characteristics, NNS
characterized, VPastFin
characterized, VPastPart
characters, NNS
charge, NN
charge, VInf
charge, VPresFin
charges, NNS
charities, NNS
charm, NN
charms, NNS
charred, VPastPart
chart, NN
charter, NN
chartered, VPastPart
chartering, VGer
chased, VPastPart
chaser, NN
chasers, NNS
chatterbox, NN
cheap, JJ
cheaper, JJR
cheat, VPresFin
cheating, NN
check, NN
check, VInf
checkout, NN
cheer, VInf
cheese, NN
chemical, JJ
chemical, NN
chemicals, NNS
chemist, NN
chemistry, NN
chest, NN
chicken, NN
chickens, NNS
chief, JJ
child, NN
children, NNS
chill, NN
china, NN
chinese, JJ
chip, NN
chips, NNS
chitonga-speaking, JJ
chocolate, NN
choice, NN
choices, NNS
choose, VInf
choose, VPresFin
choosing, VGer
chores, NNS
chose, VPastFin
chosen, VPastPart
christian, JJ
christianity, NN
chronic, JJ
church, NN
chute, NN
chutes, NNS
cicada, NN
cinnamon, NN
circle, NN
circumference, NN
circumstances, NNS
cited, VPastPart
cities, NNS
citizens, NNS
citral, NN
citrus, JJ
citrus, NN
city, NN
civil, JJ
civilian, JJ
civilisation, NN
civility, NN
claim, NN
claim, VInf
claim, VPresFin
claimed, VPastFin
claimed, VPastPart
claims, VSing3PresFin
clans, NNS
clap, VInf
clapping, VGer
clarification, NN
class, NN
classes, NNS
classical, JJ
classmate, NN
classroom, NN
clay, JJ
clean, JJ
clean, VInf
cleanup, NN
clear, JJ
cliff, NN
cliffy, JJ
climate, NN
climbing, VGer
clinched, VPastPart
clinical, JJ
clock, NN
clogs, NNS
clones, NNS
close, JJ
close, VInf
close, VPresFin
close-mouthed, JJ
closed, VPastFin
closer, JJR
closest, JJS
closet, NN
cloth, NN
clothes, NNS
clothing, NN
club, NN
clustered, VPastPart
cm, NN
co-founded, VPastFin
co-founder, NN
co-owned, VPastPart
coach, NN
coast, NN
coastal, JJ
coastline, NN
coat, NN
coauthor, NN
cocktail, NN
code, NN
coded, VPastPart
coding, NN
coffee, NN
coffeehouses, NNS
cognition, NN
cognitive, JJ
coin, NN
coincided, VPastFin
coined, VPastFin
coined, VPastPart
coins, NNS
cold, JJ
cold, NN
collaboration, NN
collaborative, JJ
collaged, JJ
collapse, NN
collapsed, VPastFin
collar, NN
collasped, VPastFin
colleagues, NNS
collect, VInf
collected, VPastFin
collected, VPastPart
collecting, VPresPart
collection, NN
collections, NNS
collector, NN
collectors, NNS
collects, VSing3PresFin
college, NN
colleges, NNS
colonial, JJ
colonials, NNS
colonies, NNS
colony, NN
color, NN
colored, VPastPart
colorful, JJ
colour, NN
column, NN
columnist, NN
columns, NNS
combination, NN
combine, VInf
combined, VPastPart
combines, VSing3PresFin
combining, VGer
come, VInf
come, VPastPart
come, VPresFin
comeback, NN
comedy, NN
comes, VSing3PresFin
comet, NN
comfort, NN
comfortable, JJ
coming, VGer
command, VInf
commandant, NN
commander, NN
commanders, NNS
commemorate, VInf
commenced, VPastFin
comment, NN
commentary, NN
commented, VPastFin
comments, NNS
commerce, NN
commercial, JJ
commercialize, VInf
commissioned, VPastFin
commissioned, VPastPart
commit, VInf
committed, VPastFin
committed, VPastPart
common, JJ
commons, NN
communicate, VInf
communication, NN
communism, NN
communities, NNS
community, NN
commuting, VGer
companies, NNS
companion, NN
companions, NNS
company, NN
comparable, JJ
comparative, JJ
compared, VPastFin
compared, VPastPart
comparing, VGer
comparison, NN
comparisons, NNS
compass, NN
compatibility, NN
compelled, VPastPart
compensate, VPresFin
compete, VInf
competition, NN
competitions, NNS
complaint, NN
complete, JJ
complete, VInf
completed, VPastPart
completes, VSing3PresFin
completing, VGer
completion, NN
complex, JJ
complicated, JJ
complication, NN
compliments, NNS
complying, VPresPart
componential, JJ
components, NNS
composed, VPastPart
composition, NN
compound, JJ
compound, NN
comprehensive, JJ
compress, VPresFin
comprised, VPastPart
computer, NN
computers, NNS
computing, NN
concentration, NN
concentrations, NNS
concept, NN
concepts, NNS
concern, NN
concerned, JJ
concerned, VPastPart
concert-like, JJ
concerts, NNS
concession, NN
conclude, VPresFin
concluded, VPastFin
conclusion, NN
conclusions, NNS
concrete, NN
condemnation, NN
condition, NN
conditions, NNS
conduct, VInf
conducted, VPastFin
conducted, VPastPart
conducting, VGer
conference, NN
conferences, NNS
confidence, NN
confident, JJ
confirm, VInf
conflict, NN
confront, VPresFin
confrontation, NN
confused, VPastPart
confusion, NN
congested, VPastPart
congestion, NN
congratulations, NN
conjectures, NNS
connect, VInf
connections, NNS
connects, VSing3PresFin
connotation, NN
conquistador, NN
conquistadors, NNS
consciousness, NN
consecutive, JJ
conservative, JJ
consider, VInf
consideration, NN
considered, VPastPart
considering, VGer
consist, VPresFin
consisted, VPastFin
consistency, NN
consistent, JJ
constant, JJ
constituencies, NNS
constituency, NN
constitutes, VSing3PresFin
constructed, VPastFin
constructed, VPastPart
construction, NN
constructivist, JJ
consult, VInf
consumed, VPastFin
consumer, NN
consumerism, NN
consumers, NNS
consuming, VPresPart
consumption, NN
contact, NN
contact, VInf
contacted, VPastFin
contagious, JJ
container, NN
containers, NNS
containing, VGer
contains, VSing3PresFin
contemplate, VInf
contemporary, JJ
contend, VInf
content, NN
contents, NNS
contest, NN
context, NN
contexts, NNS
continental, JJ
continents, NNS
continue, VInf
continue, VPresFin
continued, JJ
continued, VPastFin
continued, VPastPart
continues, VSing3PresFin
contours, NNS
contradict, VPresFin
contrast, NN
contrasts, NNS
contribute, VInf
contributes, VSing3PresFin
contributing, VGer
contribution, NN
contributions, NNS
control, NN
control, VInf
controlling, VGer
controls, NNS
convenience, NN
convenient, JJ
convergence, NN
conversation, NN
conversations, NNS
convert, VPresFin
cook, VInf
cooked, JJ
cooked, VPastPart
cooker, NN
cooking, VGer
cool, JJ
coolness, NN
coordination, NN
cope, VInf
copies, NNS
coping, VGer
copper, NN
copy, NN
copying, VGer
copyright, NN
copyrighted, VPastPart
core, NN
corn, NN
corner, NN
coroner, NN
corporate, JJ
corpus, NN
correct, JJ
correct, VInf
correcting, VGer
correspondances, NNS
correspondence, NN
correspondences, NNS
corresponding, JJ
corridor, NN
cosmic, JJ
cosmopolitan, JJ
cost, NN
cost, VInf
costly, JJ
costs, NNS
costs, VSing3PresFin
cotton, NN
couch, NN
couches, NNS
council, NN
councillor, NN
councillors, NNS
counsel, NN
count, VPresFin
counted, VPastFin
counter, NN
counter-conference, NN
counter-measures, NN
counteract, VInf
counteractions, NNS
counties, NNS
countless, JJ
countries, NNS
country, NN
country-specific, JJ
couple, NN
course, NN
courses, NNS
court, NN
courts, NNS
courtyard, NN
covariation, NN
cover, VInf
coverage, NN
covered, VPastPart
covers, NNS
crack, VInf
cracked, VPastPart
craftsmen, NNS
cram, VInf
cramped, JJ
crane, NN
cranium, NN
crash, VInf
crawl, VInf
crazed, VPastPart
crazy, JJ
cream, NN
crease, NN
creases, NNS
create, VInf
create, VPresFin
created, VPastFin
created, VPastPart
creates, VSing3PresFin
creating, VGer
creation, NN
creational, JJ
creations, NNS
creative, JJ
creator, NN
creators, NNS
credit, NN
credited, VPastPart
creep, NN
creole, NN
crepey, JJ
cried, VPastFin
criminologist, NN
crisis, NN
criterion, NN
critical, JJ
criticised, VPastPart
criticism, NN
criticized, VPastFin
critics, NNS
crocheting, VPresPart
crooked, JJ
crop, NN
crops, NNS
crops-damaging, JJ
cross, NN
cross, VInf
cross-cultural, JJ
cross-linguistic, JJ
crossed, VPastPart
crossroads, NNS
crow, NN
crowd, NN
crowded, VPastFin
crowded, VPastPart
crowds, NNS
crucial, JJ
cruel, JJ
cruelty, NN
cruise, NN
crush, NN
crushed, VPastPart
cry, VInf
cuban, JJ
cuc, NN
cuc, NNS
cuisine, NN
culinary, JJ
cultivating, VPresPart
cultural, JJ
culture, NN
cultures, NNS
cup, NN
cups, NNS
curator, NN
curb, VInf
curiosity, NN
curious, JJ
currency, NN
current, JJ
curry, NN
curse, VInf
curve, NN
customer, NN
customers, NNS
customs, NNS
cut, NN
cut, VInf
cut, VPastFin
cut, VPastPart
cut, VPresFin
cutting, VGer
cycle, NN
cycles, NNS
d2, NN
da, NN
dab, NN
daily, JJ
dally, VInf
damage, NN
damage, VInf
damaged, JJ
damaged, VPastPart
damaging, VGer
damp, JJ
dampen, VInf
dance, NN
dance, VInf
dancing, NN
dancing, VGer
dancing, VPresPart
dangerous, JJ
dare, VInf
dare, VPresFin
dark, JJ
dark, NN
darker, JJR
data, NN
data, NNS
database, NN
date, NN
dates, VSing3PresFin
dating, VPresPart
daughter, NN
day, NN
day-to-day, JJ
daydreaming, VPresPart
daydreams, NNS
days, NNS
daytime, JJ
dead, JJ
deadliest, JJS
deadline, NN
deadly, JJ
deal, NN
deal, VInf
dealing, VGer
death, NN
deaths, NNS
debating, VPresPart
debris, NN
decade, NN
decades, NNS
decent, JJ
decentralized, VPastPart
decide, VInf
decide, VPresFin
decided, VPastFin
decided, VPastPart
decision, NN
decision-making, NN
decisions, NNS
declares, VSing3PresFin
declined, VPastPart
decoding, VGer
decoration, NN
decrease, NN
decrease, VInf
decreasing, VGer
dedication, NN
deep, JJ
deer, NN
default, NN
defeat, NN
defeated, VPastFin
defeated, VPastPart
defeating, VGer
defense, NN
defensive, JJ
define, VInf
defined, VPastPart
defining, VGer
definition, NN
deflated, VPastPart
degree, NN
degrees, NNS
deities, NNS
deity, NN
delays, NNS
deli, NN
delicious, JJ
delight, NN
delis, NNS
deliver, VInf
delivered, VPastPart
delta, NN
demand, VInf
demise, NN
demo, NN
demonstrate, VInf
demonstrate, VPresFin
demonstrated, VPastPart
demonstrating, VGer
denial-of-service, NN
denied, VPastFin
denied, VPastPart
denomination, NN
depart, VInf
departing, VGer
department, NN
departure, NN
departures, NNS
depend, VInf
depending, VGer
depending, VPresPart
depends, VSing3PresFin
depictions, NNS
depicts, VSing3PresFin
deploy, VInf
deployed, VPastPart
deployment, NN
depot, NN
depots, NNS
depths, NNS
deputies, NNS
descendants, NNS
descended, VPastPart
describe, VInf
describe, VPresFin
described, VPastFin
described, VPastPart
describes, VSing3PresFin
descriptions, NNS
desert, NN
deserves, VSing3PresFin
design, NN
design, VPresFin
designated, VPastPart
designation, NN
designed, VPastFin
designer, NN
designs, NNS
desire, NN
desired, JJ
desired, VPastPart
desk, NN
desperate, JJ
dessert, NN
destination, NN
destinations, NNS
destroy, VInf
destroyed, VPastPart
destruction, NN
detail, NN
detailed, JJ
detailed, VPastPart
details, NNS
detect, VInf
detectors, NNS
determination, NN
determine, VInf
determined, VPastPart
deterrent, NN
detrimental, JJ
develop, VInf
developed, JJ
developed, VPastFin
developed, VPastPart
developers, NNS
developing, VPresPart
development, NN
developments, NNS
develops, VSing3PresFin
deviation, NN
devil, NN
devotional, JJ
dialogue, NN
diameter, NN
diaper, NN
diary, NN
dicot, NN
dictionary, NN
did, VPastFin
die, JJ
die, VPresFin
died, VPastFin
diet, NN
diety, NN
differ, VPresFin
difference, NN
differences, NNS
different, JJ
differing, VGer
difficult, JJ
difficulties, NNS
difficulty, NN
dig, VInf
digital, JJ
dignitaries, NNS
digress, VPresFin
dilapidation, NN
dilly, VInf
diminished, VPastPart
dine, VPresFin
diners, NNS
dinging, VGer
dining, NN
dining, VGer
dioxide, NN
diplomatic, JJ
dipped, VPastPart
direct, JJ
directed, VPastPart
direction, NN
directions, NNS
director, NN
disability, NN
disabled, JJ
disadvantages, NNS
disbanded, VPastPart
discharged, VPastPart
discipline, NN
disco, NN
discomfort, NN
disconnect, VInf
discouraging, VGer
discourse, NN
discover, VInf
discovered, VPastFin
discovered, VPastPart
discoverer, NN
discovery, NN
discreet, JJ
discuss, VInf
discussed, VPastPart
discusses, VSing3PresFin
discussing, VGer
discussion, NN
discussions, NNS
diseases, NNS
dish, NN
dishes, NNS
dislike, VInf
dislike, VPresFin
dislikes, NNS
dislocate, VInf
dislocated, VPastPart
dispatched, VPastPart
dispersion, NN
display, NN
displayed, VPastPart
displaying, VGer
displays, NNS
displays, VSing3PresFin
disrepute, NN
dissecting, VGer
disseminate, VInf
dissertation, NN
distance, NN
distilled, VPastPart
distilleries, NNS
distinction, NN
distinctions, NNS
distinctiveness, NN
distortions, NNS
distractions, NNS
distractors, NNS
distributed, VPastPart
distribution, NN
district, NN
diver, NN
diverse, JJ
diversity, NN
diverted, VPastPart
divided, VPastPart
dividing, VGer
dna, NN
dna-suitable, JJ
do, VInf
do, VPresFin
do-or-die, JJ
docks, NNS
dockworkers, NNS
doctor, NN
doctorate, NN
doctrine, NN
document, NN
document, VInf
document, VPresFin
documentation, NN
documented, VPastPart
documenting, VGer
documents, NNS
dodge, VInf
does, VSing3PresFin
dog, NN
dogs, NNS
doing, VGer
doing, VPresPart
dollars, NNS
dominance, NN
dominant, JJ
dominated, VPastPart
don, VInf
don'ts, NNS
donate, VInf
donated, VPastPart
donation, NN
donations, NNS
done, VPastPart
donor, NN
donors, NNS
door, NN
doors, NNS
dos, NNS
dotted, VPastPart
double, JJ
doubt, NN
down-town, NN
downloads, NNS
downtown, JJ
downtown, NN
dozens, NNS
drafts, NNS
dragon, NN
dragons, NNS
drags, VSing3PresFin
dramatic, JJ
draw, VInf
drawstring, NN
dreaded, VPastPart
dream, NN
dream, VInf
dreamed, VPastFin
dreamed, VPastPart
dreams, NNS
dress, NN
dress, VPresFin
dressed, VPastPart
drew, VPastFin
dried, VPastPart
drift, VPresFin
drilled, VPastFin
drink, NN
drink, VInf
drinking, NN
drinks, NNS
drive, VInf
drive, VPresFin
driveby, JJ
driven, VPastPart
driver, NN
drivers, NNS
driving, VGer
drizzle, VInf
drop, VInf
dropped, VPastPart
droughts, NNS
drowning, VGer
drug, NN
drums, NNS
drunk, JJ
dry, JJ
dry, VInf
dubbed, VPastFin
due, JJ
dunes, NNS
dungeon, NN
durability, NN
durable, JJ
durations, NNS
dust, NN
duty, NN
dwarfed, VPastPart
dwell, VInf
dwellers, NNS
dwelling, NN
dwindled, VPastFin
dynamic, JJ
e, NN
e-mail, NN
eager, JJ
eagle, NN
early, JJ
earned, VPastFin
earned, VPastPart
earnest, NN
ears, NNS
earth, NN
easier, JJR
easiest, JJS
east, JJ
east, NN
east-west, JJ
eastbound, JJ
eastern, JJ
eastern-most, JJS
easterners, NNS
easy, JJ
eat, VInf
eating, VGer
eats, VSing3PresFin
eavesdrop, VInf
ebullient, JJ
eco-tourism, NN
ecological, JJ
economic, JJ
economy, NN
ecosystem, NN
ecumenical, JJ
edge, NN
edges, NNS
edit, VInf
edited, VPastPart
editing, NN
edition, NN
editor, NN
editor-in-chief, NN
editorial, JJ
editorial, NN
editors, NNS
educate, VInf
educated, VPastPart
education, NN
educational, JJ
effect, NN
effective, JJ
effects, NNS
effort, NN
efforts, NNS
egg-laying, VGer
eggshells, NNS
eighth, JJ
elaborated, VPastPart
eldest, JJS
elected, VPastPart
election, NN
elections, NNS
electoral, JJ
electric, JJ
electrons, NNS
elects, NNS
elects, VSing3PresFin
elegance, NN
elegant, JJ
element, NN
elementary, JJ
elements, NNS
elephant, NN
elevation, NN
elevator, NN
elevators, NNS
eligible, JJ
eliminate, VInf
elongate, VInf
email, NN
email, VInf
emailed, VPastFin
emails, NNS
embarrass, VInf
embarrassed, JJ
embarrassing, JJ
embassy, NN
embedded, VPastFin
emblem, NN
embolden, VInf
embroidered, VPastPart
emerge, VPresFin
emerged, VPastFin
emergent, JJ
emerges, VSing3PresFin
emerging, VGer
emeritus, JJ
emeritus, NN
emigration, NN
emission, NN
emissions, NNS
emotion, NN
emotional, JJ
emotions, NNS
emperor, NN
emphasizes, VSing3PresFin
emphasizing, VGer
employees, NNS
empowering, JJ
empty, JJ
enables, VSing3PresFin
encampment, NN
encompasses, VSing3PresFin
encounter, NN
encounter, VInf
encountered, VPastPart
encouraged, VPastFin
encouraged, VPastPart
encourages, VSing3PresFin
encouraging, VPresPart
end, NN
end, VInf
endangered, JJ
ended, VPastFin
endemic, JJ
endemics, NNS
ends, NNS
ends, VSing3PresFin
endure, VInf
endured, VPastPart
enemy, NN
energy, NN
engage, VInf
engaging, JJ
engaging, VGer
engendered, VPastPart
engine, NN
engineer, NN
engineering, NN
engines, NNS
english, JJ
engraved, VPastPart
enhance, VInf
enhanced, JJ
enjoy, VInf
enjoy, VPresFin
enjoyable, JJ
enjoyed, VPastFin
enjoyed, VPastPart
enjoying, VGer
enlarge, VInf
enlargement, NN
enlist, VInf
enmities, NNS
enormous, JJ
enough, JJ
enraged, VPastPart
enslaved, VPastFin
ensure, VInf
ensured, VPastFin
ensures, VSing3PresFin
ensuring, VGer
enter, VInf
entering, VPresPart
entertainment, NN
enthusiasm, NN
enthusiasts, NNS
entire, JJ
entrance, NN
entreat, VInf
entry, NN
environment, NN
environments, NNS
envisioned, VPastFin
episode, NN
episodes, NNS
equal, JJ
equipment, NN
equipped, VPastPart
equivalence, NN
equivalent, JJ
equivalent, NN
equivalents, NNS
era, NN
erected, VPastPart
escape, VInf
escaping, VGer
essay, NN
essential, JJ
essentials, NNS
establish, VInf
establish, VPresFin
established, VPastFin
established, VPastPart
establishment, NN
estate, NN
estimate, NN
estimate, VInf
estimated, VPastFin
estimated, VPastPart
estimates, NNS
estimates, VSing3PresFin
estimation, NN
ethnic, JJ
ethnicity, NN
european, JJ
european-american, JJ
euros, NNS
evacuate, VInf
evacuated, VPastFin
evade, VInf
evaluated, VPastPart
evaluating, VGer
evaluation, NN
evaporate, VInf
even, JJ
evening, NN
evenings, NNS
event, NN
events, NNS
ever-diminishing, JJ
ever-strange, JJ
everybody, NN
everyday, JJ
everyone, NN
everything, NN
evidence, NN
evil, JJ
evolution, NN
evolved, VPastPart
ex-husband, NN
exact, JJ
exaggeration, NN
exam, NN
examination, NN
examined, VPastPart
examining, NN
examining, VGer
example, NN
examples, NNS
excavations, NNS
exceeded, VPastFin
excellent, JJ
exception, NN
excess, JJ
excessive, JJ
exchange, NN
exchanged, VPastFin
exchanged, VPastPart
excited, VPastPart
exclaim, VInf
exclusive, JJ
excuse, NN
excuse, VPresFin
execute, VInf
executive, JJ
exemplified, VPastPart
exercise, NN
exercise, VInf
exercises, NNS
exhausting, VGer
exhibit, NN
exhibit, VInf
exhibited, VPastPart
exhibition, NN
exhibits, NNS
exist, VInf
exist, VPresFin
existed, VPastPart
existence, NN
existing, JJ
existing, VGer
exists, VSing3PresFin
exit, NN
exodus, NN
expand, VInf
expanded, JJ
expanded, VPastFin
expanding, VGer
expansion, NN
expect, VInf
expect, VPresFin
expectation, NN
expectations, NNS
expected, VPastFin
expected, VPastPart
expects, VSing3PresFin
expense, NN
expensive, JJ
experience, NN
experience, VPresFin
experienced, VPastFin
experienced, VPastPart
experiences, NNS
experiencing, VGer
experiment, NN
experiment, VInf
experimental, JJ
experimentation, NN
experimenter, NN
experimenting, VGer
experts, NNS
explain, VInf
explain, VPresFin
explained, VPastFin
explained, VPastPart
explains, VSing3PresFin
exploding, VPresPart
exploited, VPastPart
exploration, NN
explore, VInf
explore, VPresFin
explored, VPastPart
explorer, NN
explorers, NNS
exploring, VGer
explosion, NN
explosive, JJ
expose, VInf
exposing, VGer
exposure, NN
express, VInf
express, VPresFin
expressed, VPastFin
expressed, VPastPart
expresses, VSing3PresFin
expressions, NNS
expressive, JJ
exquisite, JJ
extend, VInf
extend, VPresFin
extended, JJ
extended, VPastPart
extension, NN
extensive, JJ
extent, NN
exterior, NN
external, JJ
extra, JJ
extrapolate, VInf
extraterrestrial, JJ
extreme, JJ
exurbs, NNS
eye, NN
eye-tracking, NN
eyes, NNS
face, NN
face, VPresFin
facebook, NN
faces, NNS
facilitate, VInf
facilities, NNS
facing, VGer
fact, NN
factor, NN
factors, NNS
factory, NN
fading, VGer
fail, VInf
fail, VPresFin
failed, JJ
failed, VPastFin
failing, VGer
failure, NN
failures, NNS
fainting, VGer
fair, JJ
fairs, NNS
faith, NN
fake, JJ
fall, NN
fall, VInf
fall, VPresFin
falling, VGer
falls, VSing3PresFin
false, JJ
fame, NN
familiar, JJ
family, NN
famous, JJ
fan, NN
fan-based, JJ
fandom, NN
fanfics, NNS
fans, NNS
fantastic, JJ
fantasy, NN
far-fetched, JJ
farm, NN
farmland, NN
farther, JJR
fascination, NN
fashion, NN
fashioned, JJ
fatalities, NNS
fate, NN
father, NN
favoring, VGer
favorite, JJ
favoured, VPastFin
favourite, JJ
fax, NN
façades, NNS
fear, NN
fearless, JJ
feathered, JJ
feathering, VGer
feature, NN
featured, VPastPart
features, NNS
features, VSing3PresFin
featuring, VGer
fecal, JJ
fee, NN
feed, VInf
feedback, NN
feel, NN
feel, VInf
feel, VPresFin
feeling, NN
feeling, VGer
fees, NNS
feet, NNS
felicity, NN
fell, VPastFin
fellow, JJ
felt, VPastFin
fermented, VPastPart
ferry, NN
festival, NN
festivals, NNS
few, JJ
fiction, NN
field, NN
fields, NNS
fifth, JJ
fight, VInf
fight, VPresFin
figure, NN
figure, VInf
figured, VPastFin
file, NN
filed, VPastPart
fill, VInf
fill, VPresFin
filled, VPastFin
filled, VPastPart
filling, VGer
fills, VSing3PresFin
film, NN
filth, NN
final, JJ
finalists, NNS
finance, NN
finance, VInf
financial, JJ
find, VInf
find, VPresFin
finding, NN
finding, VGer
findings, NNS
finds, VSing3PresFin
fine, JJ
fine, NN
finest, JJS
finger, NN
fingernail, NN
finish, VInf
finished, JJ
finished, VPastPart
finishing, VGer
fire, NN
fire, VInf
fire-hose, NN
fired, VPastFin
fireworks, NNS
firing, VGer
firm, NN
first, JJ
first-hand, JJ
first-rate, JJ
fish, NN
fish, NNS
fisherman, NN
fishermen, NNS
fit, NN
fit, VInf
fitting, JJ
five-minute, NN
fix, VInf
fixations, NNS
fixed, VPastPart
fizzle, VInf
flag, NN
flakes, NNS
flap, NN
flash, NN
flashest, JJS
flat, JJ
flatbread, NN
flats, NNS
flavor, NN
flawless, JJ
fleeing, VGer
flesh, NN
flesh, VPresFin
flexed, VPastPart
flexibility, NN
flexible, JJ
flies, VSing3PresFin
flight, NN
flights, NNS
flip, VInf
flirt, VInf
flirtatious, JJ
flirting, VGer
flirts, NNS
float, VInf
flock, VPresFin
floods, NNS
floor, NN
floors, NNS
florescent, JJ
flourish, VInf
flow, NN
flow, VPresFin
flower, NN
flowers, NNS
flowery, JJ
fluent, JJ
fluff, VInf
fluffy, JJ
fluid, NN
flux, NN
fly, VPresFin
flying, VGer
focus, VInf
focused, VPastPart
focuses, VSing3PresFin
focusing, VGer
fog, NN
foil, NN
fold, NN
folded, VPastPart
foliage, NN
folks, NNS
follow, VInf
follow, VPresFin
follow-up, NN
followed, VPastFin
followed, VPastPart
following, VGer
follows, VSing3PresFin
food, NN
food-source, NN
fool, VInf
foolhardy, JJ
foolish, JJ
foot, NN
footage, NN
for-profit, JJ
foraging, VGer
force, NN
force, VInf
forced, VPastFin
forced, VPastPart
forces, VSing3PresFin
forefinger, NN
foreign, JJ
forget, VInf
forget, VPresFin
forgot, VPastFin
fork, NN
fork, VInf
form, NN
form, VInf
formal, JJ
formaldehyde, NN
formalin, NN
format, NN
formed, VPastFin
formed, VPastPart
former, JJ
forming, VPresPart
forms, NNS
forms, VSing3PresFin
formula, NN
formulate, VInf
forth, NN
fortress, NN
fortunate, JJ
fortune, NN
fortunes, NNS
found, VPastFin
found, VPastPart
foundation, NN
founded, VPastFin
founded, VPastPart
founder, NN
founders, NNS
founding, VGer
fountain, NN
fourth, JJ
fourth-year, JJ
fragile, JJ
fragmentary, JJ
fragrant, JJ
framed, VPastPart
free, JJ
freedom, NN
freeways, NNS
freeze, VInf
freezing, VGer
freight, NN
french, JJ
french-born, JJ
frenzy, NN
frequency, NN
frequent, JJ
frequented, VPastPart
fresh, JJ
fridge, NN
friend, NN
friend(s), NNS
friends, NNS
friendship, NN
friendships, NNS
frightened, VPastFin
frightened, VPastPart
frightening, JJ
frightens, VSing3PresFin
frisbee, NN
front, JJ
front, NN
front-line, NN
frost, NN
frothy, JJ
frozen, VPastPart
fruit, NN
frustration, NN
ft, NNS
fuel, NN
fueled, VPastPart
full, JJ
full-blooded, JJ
full-scale, JJ
fun, JJ
fun, NN
functional, JJ
functioning, NN
functions, NNS
fundamental, JJ
funds, VSing3PresFin
fungus, NN
funnel, NN
funnels, NNS
funny, JJ
furniture, NN
furs, NNS
further, JJR
future, JJ
future, NN
g-forces, NNS
gain, VInf
gained, VPastFin
gaining, VPresPart
gal, NN
galaxy, NN
galleries, NNS
gallery, NN
gals, NNS
game, NN
games, NNS
gap, NN
garden, NN
gardeners, NNS
garnered, VPastPart
gas, NN
gateway, NN
gather, VInf
gathered, VPastPart
gathers, VSing3PresFin
gauge, VInf
gave, VPastFin
gay, JJ
gazing, VGer
geared, VPastPart
gelatin, NN
gender, NN
genders, NNS
general, JJ
general, NN
generalizability, NN
generalize, VInf
generous, JJ
genes, NNS
genome, NN
gentle, JJ
genuine, JJ
geographical, JJ
geologists, NNS
geometry, NN
germ, NN
german, JJ
germinate, VInf
get, VInf
get, VPresFin
gets, VSing3PresFin
getting, VGer
getting, VPresPart
geyser, NN
giants, NNS
gibberish, NN
gift, NN
girl, NN
girls, NNS
give, VInf
give, VPresFin
given, VPastPart
gives, VSing3PresFin
giving, VGer
glad, JJ
gladdened, VPastFin
glamorous, JJ
glamour, NN
glance, NN
glass, NN
glasses, NNS
glimpse, NN
glitz, NN
global, JJ
glorious, JJ
gloss, NN
gloves, NNS
glow, NN
glow, VInf
glowing, JJ
glowing, VPresPart
glowstick, NN
glowsticks, NNS
gmt, NN
gnawed, VPastPart
gnu, NN
go, VInf
go, VPresFin
goal, NN
goals, NNS
god, NN
goddess, NN
gods, NNS
goers, NNS
goes, VSing3PresFin
going, VGer
going, VPresPart
golden, JJ
golf, NN
gone, VPastPart
good, JJ
good, NN
goodbye, NN
goods, NNS
gorgeous, JJ
gossipy, JJ
got, VPastFin
got, VPastPart
gotta, VPastPart
gotten, VPastPart
gourmet, NN
governing, VGer
government, NN
governments, NNS
grab, VInf
gradual, JJ
graduate, JJ
graduate, NN
graduated, VPastFin
graduating, VGer
graduation, NN
grain, NN
grains, NNS
grammar, NN
grammatical, JJ
grams, NNS
grand, JJ
granddaughter, NN
grandmother, NN
grandmothers, NNS
granted, VPastPart
graphic, JJ
graphic, NN
grasps, VSing3PresFin
grass, NN
grave, JJ
graveyards, NNS
gray, JJ
great, JJ
greater, JJR
greatest, JJS
greek, JJ
green, JJ
greenery, NN
greeting, NN
grew, VPastFin
grid, NN
grief, NN
grim, JJ
groan, VInf
groove, NN
ground, NN
ground-breaking, JJ
ground-level, NN
grounded, VPastPart
grounds, NNS
group, NN
grouping, NN
groups, NNS
grow, VInf
grow, VPresFin
growing, VGer
grown, VPastPart
grows, VSing3PresFin
growth, NN
guadeloupean, JJ
guarantees, VSing3PresFin
guarantor, NN
guard, VPresFin
guardian, NN
guess, NN
guessed, VPastFin
guessed, VPastPart
guest, NN
guests, NNS
guidance, NN
guide, NN
guide, VInf
guided, VPastPart
guidelines, NNS
gumball, NN
gun, NN
gunfire, NN
gushing, VGer
gutters, NNS
guy, NN
guys, NNS
gym, NN
habit, NN
habitat, NN
hacked, VPastPart
hackers, NNS
hackneyed, JJ
had, VPastFin
had, VPastPart
hair, NN
hairs, NNS
hajj, NN
half, NN
half-hour, NN
hall, NN
hand, NN
handcuffed, VPastPart
handed, VPastFin
handle, VInf
handles, VSing3PresFin
handling, VGer
hands, NNS
handsome, JJ
hanging, VGer
hanging, VPresPart
hangs, VSing3PresFin
hanks, NNS
happen, VInf
happen, VPresFin
happened, VPastFin
happening, VPresPart
happens, VSing3PresFin
happy, JJ
harbor, NN
harbour, NN
harbours, NNS
hard, JJ
harder, JJR
hardest, JJS
harm, NN
harm, VInf
harness, NN
harsh, JJ
harsher, JJR
harvest, NN
harvest, VInf
harvesting, VGer
has, VSing3PresFin
hashtag, NN
hastag, NN
hate, VPresFin
hateful, JJ
hauled, VPastFin
hauled, VPastPart
have, VInf
have, VPresFin
haven, NN
having, VGer
having, VPresPart
hazardous, JJ
head, NN
head, VInf
headaches, NNS
headed, VPastPart
headline, NN
headlines, NNS
headquarters, NN
heads, NNS
heady, JJ
healing, VGer
health, NN
healthy, JJ
heap, NN
hear, VInf
hear, VPresFin
heard, VPastFin
heard, VPastPart
heart, NN
heart-rate, NN
heat, NN
heat, VInf
heat-attributed, VPastPart
heavens, NNS
heavy, JJ
height, NN
held, VPastFin
held, VPastPart
helium, NN
hellenic, JJ
help, NN
help, VInf
help, VPresFin
helped, VPastFin
helped, VPastPart
helpful, JJ
helping, VGer
helps, VSing3PresFin
henequen, NN
hens, NNS
herb, NN
hero, NN
hesitant, JJ
hesitation, NN
heyday, NN
hidden, VPastPart
hide, VInf
hierarchy, NN
high, JJ
high-tech, JJ
higher, JJR
highest, JJS
highlighted, VPastPart
highlighting, VGer
highrise, JJ
hiking, NN
hiking, VGer
hilarious, JJ
hill, NN
hills, NNS
hindrance, NN
hip, NN
hire, VInf
hire, VPresFin
hiring, VGer
hispanic, JJ
historic, JJ
historical, JJ
histories, NNS
history, NN
hit, NN
hit, VInf
hit, VPastFin
hit, VPastPart
hitting, VGer
hoaxes, NNS
hobbies, NNS
hobby, NN
hockey, NN
hold, NN
hold, VInf
holder, NN
holding, VPresPart
holds, VSing3PresFin
holes, NNS
holiest, JJS
holy, JJ
home, NN
homepage, NN
homes, NNS
homosexuality, NN
honey, NN
honeydew, NN
hook, VInf
hooking, VGer
hoops, NNS
hope, NN
hope, VPresFin
hopes, NNS
hoping, VGer
hormone, NN
horrible, JJ
horror, NN
horrors, NNS
horse, NN
hospital, NN
hospital-like, JJ
host, NN
hostile, JJ
hosting, VGer
hosts, VSing3PresFin
hot, JJ
hotel, NN
hotels, NNS
hotspots, NNS
hottest, JJS
hour, NN
hours, NN
hours, NNS
house, NN
house, VInf
housed, VPastFin
houses, NNS
houses, VSing3PresFin
houseware, NN
housing, NN
how-to, JJ
how-to, NN
hr, NN
html, NN
hub, NN
hubristic, JJ
hubs, NNS
hug, NN
huge, JJ
human, JJ
human, NN
humane, JJ
humanists, NNS
humanities, NNS
humankind, NN
humans, NNS
humble, JJ
humor, NN
hundreds, NNS
hung, VPastFin
hurried, VPastFin
hurt, VInf
hurt, VPastPart
hurts, VSing3PresFin
husband, NN
hybrid, JJ
hydrated, VPastPart
hydrogen, NN
hypnosis, NN
hypnotic, JJ
hypnotize, VInf
hypnotized, VPastPart
hypnotizing, VGer
hypothesis, NN
hypothesized, VPastFin
i, NN
ice, NN
iconic, JJ
idea, NN
ideal, JJ
ideas, NNS
identical, JJ
identification, NN
identified, VPastFin
identified, VPastPart
identifies, VSing3PresFin
identify, VInf
identity, NN
ideological, JJ
ideologized, JJ
ideology, NN
ignorant, JJ
ignore, VInf
ignore, VPresFin
ignoring, VGer
ill-famed, JJ
illustrated, VPastFin
illustrating, VGer
illustrations, NNS
im, NN
image, NN
images, NNS
imagination, NN
imagine, VInf
immediate, JJ
immediate-constituent, JJ
immigrants, NNS
immigration, NN
immobility, NN
immortal, JJ
impact, NN
impact, VInf
impacts, NNS
impart, VPresFin
impending, JJ
impending, VGer
imperative, JJ
imperfection, NN
imperfections, NNS
implant, NN
implant, VInf
implementation, NN
implements, NNS
implications, NNS
implies, VSing3PresFin
importance, NN
important, JJ
importing, VGer
impose, VInf
impossible, JJ
impression, NN
impressions, NNS
impressive, JJ
imprisoned, VPastPart
improve, VInf
improvement, NN
improvements, NNS
improving, VGer
inaccurate, JJ
inadequate, JJ
incarceration, NN
incensed, VPastPart
inception, NN
inch, NN
inches, NNS
incident, NN
include, VInf
include, VPresFin
included, VPastFin
included, VPastPart
includes, VSing3PresFin
including, VGer
inclusive, JJ
incorporated, VPastPart
increase, NN
increase, VInf
increased, VPastFin
increased, VPastPart
increases, VSing3PresFin
increasing, VGer
increasing, VPresPart
independent, NN
indicated, VPastPart
indicates, VSing3PresFin
indicative, JJ
indicator, NN
indigenous, JJ
indistinguishable, JJ
individual, JJ
individual, NN
individuals, NNS
indonesian, JJ
induced, VPastFin
inducted, VPastPart
industrial, JJ
industrialist, NN
industries, NNS
industry, NN
infected, VPastFin
infected, VPastPart
inference, NN
inferior, JJ
influence, NN
influence, VInf
influences, NNS
influential, JJ
influx, NN
inform, VInf
information, NN
information-user, NN
infrastructure, NN
infrequent, JJ
ingested, VPastFin
ingesting, VGer
ingredients, NNS
inhabitants, NNS
inhabited, VPastPart
initial, JJ
initiated, VPastPart
initiation, NN
injection, NN
injured, VPastPart
injuries, NNS
injury, NN
inner, JJ
input, NN
insane, JJ
inscription, NN
inscriptions, NNS
insects, NNS
insight, NN
insights, NNS
insignia, NN
insignias, NNS
inspiration, NN
inspire, VInf
inspired, VPastFin
inspired, VPastPart
inspires, VSing3PresFin
installation, NN
installed, VPastPart
installing, VGer
instance, NN
instant, JJ
instant, NN
institutional, JJ
institutions, NNS
instructions, NNS
instructor, NN
instructors, NNS
insufficient, JJ
insult, VPresFin
insurance, NN
insured, VPastFin
insurgency, NN
intact, JJ
intake, NN
integral, JJ
integrated, JJ
integrated, VPastPart
integrates, VSing3PresFin
intelligence, NN
intelligibility, NN
intended, JJ
intending, VPresPart
intends, VSing3PresFin
intense, JJ
intensive, JJ
intentions, NNS
inter-animation, NN
interact, VInf
interacting, VGer
interacting, VPresPart
interaction, NN
interconnected, JJ
interest, NN
interest, VInf
interested, JJ
interested, VPastFin
interested, VPastPart
interesting, JJ
interestingness, NN
interests, NNS
interim, JJ
interior, NN
internal, JJ
international, JJ
internet, NN
internship, NN
interplanetary, JJ
interpret, VInf
interpretation, NN
interpretations, NNS
interruptions, NNS
intersect, VInf
intersect, VPresFin
intersection, NN
intersections, NNS
interspersed, VPastPart
interstellar, JJ
intertexts, NNS
intertextualities, NNS
interval, NN
intervals, NNS
intervention, NN
interventions, NNS
interview, NN
interviewed, VPastFin
interviewed, VPastPart
interviews, NNS
interviews, VSing3PresFin
intolerant, JJ
intrigued, VPastPart
intriguing, VGer
introduce, VPresFin
introduced, VPastPart
introduction, NN
intrudes, VSing3PresFin
invent, VInf
invented, VPastFin
invented, VPastPart
inventor, NN
invest, VPresFin
investigate, VInf
investigate, VPresFin
investigated, VPastFin
investigation, NN
investment, NN
investment-starved, VPastPart
invitation, NN
invite, VPresFin
invited, VPastFin
invited, VPastPart
inviting, VGer
involve, VPresFin
involved, VPastFin
involved, VPastPart
involvement, NN
involves, VSing3PresFin
involving, VGer
iranian, JJ
iraqi, JJ
iraqi-british, JJ
iron, NN
ironic, JJ
irrelevant, JJ
irrigated, JJ
irrigation-based, JJ
irritated, VPastPart
is, VSing3PresFin
islamic, JJ
islamophobia, NN
island, NN
islands, NNS
israeli, JJ
issue, NN
issue, VInf
issued, VPastFin
issues, NNS
italian, JJ
item, NN
items, NNS
jams, NNS
japanese, JJ
jargon-free, JJ
javascript, NN
jazz, NN
jealousy, NN
jersey, NN
jewel, NN
jewish, JJ
jitney, NN
jkthom, NN
job, NN
jobs, NNS
jogs, VSing3PresFin
join, VInf
joined, VPastFin
joined, VPastPart
joinery, NN
joke, NN
joke, VInf
jokes, NNS
journal, NN
journalism, NN
journals, NNS
judgement, NN
judgments, NNS
jug, NN
jump, NN
jump, VInf
jumped, VPastFin
jumper, NN
jumps, VSing3PresFin
junction, NN
junctions, NNS
jungle, NN
junk, NN
just, JJ
keen, JJ
keep, VInf
keep, VPresFin
keeper, NN
keepers, NNS
keeping, VGer
keeping, VPresPart
keeps, VSing3PresFin
kept, VPastPart
key, JJ
khaki, JJ
kicked, VPastPart
kicking, VGer
kid, NN
kidding, VGer
kids, NNS
kill, VInf
killed, VPastPart
killing, VGer
kind, NN
king, NN
kissed, VPastFin
kitchen, NN
kits, NNS
km, NN
km, NNS
knees, NNS
knew, VPastFin
knife, NN
knot, NN
knots, NNS
know, VInf
know, VPastPart
know, VPresFin
knowing, VGer
knowledge, NN
known, JJ
known, VPastPart
knows, VSing3PresFin
korean, JJ
lab, NN
label, NN
label, VInf
labelled, VPastPart
labels, NNS
labor, NN
laboratory, NN
labour, NN
laced, VPastPart
lack, NN
lack, VPresFin
ladies, NNS
laid, VPastFin
laid-back, JJ
lakefront, NN
land, NN
land, VPresFin
landed, VPastFin
landing-spot, NN
landings, NNS
landscape, NN
lanes, NNS
language, NN
language-specific, JJ
languages, NNS
lanky, JJ
lantern, NN
lanterns, NNS
large, JJ
large-scale, JJ
larger, JJR
largest, JJS
laser, NN
last, JJ
last, VInf
last, VPresFin
lasts, VSing3PresFin
late, JJ
late, NN
later, JJR
latest, JJS
latin, JJ
laugh, NN
laugh, VInf
laugh, VPresFin
laughed, VPastFin
laughing, VPresPart
laughs, VSing3PresFin
launch, NN
launch, VInf
launched, VPastPart
launching, VGer
laureate, NN
law, NN
lawsuits, NNS
lawyer, NN
lay, VInf
lay, VPastFin
lay, VPresFin
laying, VGer
layout, NN
lazy, JJ
lead, JJ
lead, NN
lead, VInf
lead, VPresFin
leader, NN
leadership, NN
leading, VGer
leaf, NN
leafy, JJ
learn, VInf
learned, VPastPart
learning, NN
learning, VGer
least, JJS
leave, VInf
leave, VPresFin
leaves, NNS
leaving, VGer
lectures, NNS
led, VPastFin
left, NN
left, VPastFin
left, VPastPart
left-liberal, JJ
leg, NN
legacy, NN
legal, JJ
legalizing, VGer
legato, JJ
legend, NN
legislative, JJ
legitimate, JJ
legs, NNS
leitmotivs, NNS
lemon, NN
lemony, JJ
leotard, NN
less, JJR
lesson, NN
let, VInf
let, VPresFin
lets, VSing3PresFin
letters, NNS
letting, VGer
level, NN
levels, NNS
lexical, JJ
liberated, VPastFin
liberation, NN
libertarian, JJ
liberty, NN
library, NN
license, NN
lid, NN
lidocaine, NN
lids, NNS
lie, VInf
lie, VPresFin
lies, VSing3PresFin
life, NN
lifestyle, NN
lifetime, NN
lifetimes, NNS
lift, VInf
light, JJ
light, NN
light, VInf
lighter, JJR
lighthearted, JJ
lightning, NN
lights, NNS
lights, VSing3PresFin
like, JJ
like, VInf
like, VPresFin
liked, VPastFin
likely, JJ
likened, VPastFin
likeness, NN
likes, NNS
likes, VSing3PresFin
limbs, NNS
limestone, NN
limitations, NNS
limited, JJ
limited, VPastPart
line, NN
linen, NN
lines, NNS
lingua, NN
linguist, NN
linguistic, JJ
linguistics, NN
link, VPresFin
linking, VGer
lion, NN
liquid, NN
liquor, NN
list, NN
list, VInf
list, VPresFin
listen, VInf
listening, VPresPart
listing, VGer
listless, JJ
lists, NNS
lit, VPastFin
liter, NN
literal, JJ
literary, JJ
literature, NN
little, JJ
live, JJ
live, VInf
live, VPresFin
lived, VPastFin
lives, NNS
living, NN
living, VGer
loaded, VPastFin
loaded, VPastPart
loading, VPresPart
loads, NNS
loads, VSing3PresFin
loan, NN
loaves, NNS
local, JJ
localist, JJ
localities, NNS
locals, NNS
located, VPastPart
location, NN
locations, NNS
lodge, NN
lodging, NN
lofts, NNS
logging, VGer
logical, JJ
lonely, JJ
long, JJ
long-standing, JJ
longer, JJR
look, NN
look, VInf
look, VPresFin
looked, VPastFin
looked, VPastPart
looking, JJ
looking, VGer
looking, VPresPart
looks, VSing3PresFin
looming, VGer
loose, JJ
loosen, VInf
lose, VInf
lose, VPresFin
loses, VSing3PresFin
loss, NN
losses, NNS
lost, JJ
lost, VPastFin
lost, VPastPart
lot, NN
lots, NNS
loud, JJ
loudspeaker, NN
loudspeakers, NNS
love, NN
love, VInf
love, VPresFin
lovers, NNS
loving, JJ
low, JJ
low-grade, JJ
low-life, JJ
lower, JJR
lowers, VSing3PresFin
lube, NN
luck, NN
lucky, JJ
luggage, NN
lull, NN
luminescence, NN
luminol, NN
lunch, NN
lush, JJ
lust, NN
luxerious, JJ
luxurious, JJ
lying, VGer
m, NN
m, NNS
machine, NN
machinery, NN
mad, JJ
made, VPastFin
made, VPastPart
magazine, NN
magazines, NNS
magic, JJ
magic, NN
magical, JJ
magician, NN
magicians, NNS
magnification, NN
magnificent, JJ
mah-jongg, NN
maids, NNS
mailing, VGer
main, JJ
mainland, JJ
mainland, NN
mainstream, JJ
mainstream, NN
maintain, VInf
maintain, VPresFin
maintained, VPastFin
maintained, VPastPart
maintaining, VGer
maintains, VSing3PresFin
maintenance, NN
maize, NN
majestic, JJ
major, JJ
major, NN
majority, NN
make, VInf
make, VPresFin
maker, NN
makes, VSing3PresFin
making, VGer
making, VPresPart
malaysian, JJ
male, NN
males, NNS
malformed, JJ
malfunction, VInf
malfunctioned, VPastPart
mall, NN
malls, NNS
man, NN
manage, VInf
manage, VPresFin
management, NN
manager, NN
managing, VGer
mandatory, JJ
maniacs, NNS
manipulating, VGer
manner, NN
mansions, NNS
mantids, NNS
mantra, NN
manual, NN
manufacturing-based, JJ
manuscript, NN
many, JJ
maori, JJ
map, NN
maps, NNS
marae, NN
marble, NN
marine, JJ
maritime, JJ
mark, VInf
mark, VPresFin
marked, VPastFin
marked, VPastPart
market, NN
marketplace, NN
markets, NNS
marking, VGer
marks, NNS
markup, NN
marriage, NN
married, VPastFin
marvelled, VPastPart
masculinity, NN
masking, VGer
mass, JJ
mass, NN
massacred, VPastFin
massage, NN
massive, JJ
master, NN
mat, NN
material, NN
materials, NNS
math, NN
mathematician, NN
mathematics, NN
matter, NN
mature, JJ
mature, VPresFin
matures, VSing3PresFin
mausoleum, NN
mayor, NN
meals, NNS
mean, JJ
mean, NN
mean, VInf
mean, VPresFin
mean-spirited, JJ
meander, VInf
meaning, NN
meaning, VGer
meanings, NNS
means, NN
means, VSing3PresFin
meant, VPastFin
meant, VPastPart
measure, VInf
measured, JJ
measured, VPastFin
measured, VPastPart
measures, VSing3PresFin
measuring, VGer
meat, NN
mecca, NN
mechanism, NN
medalist, NN
medals, NNS
media, NN
media, NNS
media-hopping, JJ
mediated, VPastPart
medicine, NN
meditating, VGer
medium, JJ
medium, NN
medium-high, JJ
medium-low, JJ
meet, VInf
meet, VPresFin
meeting, NN
meeting, VGer
meetups, NNS
member, NN
members, NNS
membership, NN
memorial, NN
memories, NNS
memory, NN
men, NNS
mentality, NN
mention, VInf
mention, VPresFin
mentioned, VPastPart
mentioning, VGer
mentor, NN
merchandise, NN
merchants, NNS
merged, VPastPart
merit, VPresFin
mesh, NN
mess, NN
message, NN
messages, NNS
messaging, VGer
met, VPastFin
met, VPastPart
metabolome, NN
metal, JJ
meteorites, NNS
meter, NN
method, NN
methodological, JJ
methodology, NN
methods, NNS
metro, JJ
metro, NN
metropolitan, JJ
mets-inspired, JJ
microcosm, NN
micron, NN
microns, NNS
microscope, NN
microtome, NN
mid-1980s, NNS
mid-air, NN
mid-town, NN
middle, JJ
middle, NN
midnight, NN
midwesterners, NNS
migrants, NNS
migration, NN
mild, JJ
mile, NN
miles, NNS
milestone, NN
militant, JJ
militaries, NNS
militarism, NN
military, JJ
military, NN
milliliters, NNS
milling, VGer
millions, NNS
millionth, NN
mills, NNS
mimicked, VPastFin
mind, NN
minded, VPastFin
minimal, JJ
minimum, NN
minister, NN
ministered, VPastFin
minor, JJ
minority, NN
minuscule, JJ
minute, NN
minutes, NNS
mirror, NN
mirror, VInf
mirrors, NNS
mischievous, JJ
misconception, NN
mishandling, VGer
misrepresenting, VGer
miss, VInf
missile, NN
missiles, NNS
missing, VGer
mission, NN
missions, NNS
mistakes, NNS
mistresses, NNS
misunderstanding, NN
mix, VInf
mixed, JJ
mixed, VPastFin
mixing, VGer
mixture, NN
mobile, JJ
mobiles, NNS
model, NN
models, NNS
modern, JJ
modern-day, JJ
modified, VPastPart
modify, VInf
module, NN
moist, JJ
moisture, NN
mold, NN
mom, NN
moment, NN
moments, NNS
monarch, NN
money, NN
moniker, NN
monitor, VPresFin
monitoring, NN
monitoring, VGer
monkey, NN
monocot, NN
monsoon, NN
month, NN
months, NNS
monument, NN
monuments, NNS
moon, NN
more, JJR
moriori, JJ
morning, NN
mornings, NNS
mosque, NN
most, JJS
mother, NN
motivated, VPastPart
motivation, NN
motives, NNS
motor, NN
motorized, VPastPart
motorway, NN
motorways, NNS
mountain, NN
mountainous, JJ
mountains, NNS
mounted, VPastFin
mouth, NN
move, VInf
move, VPresFin
moved, VPastFin
movement, NN
movements, NNS
moves, NNS
moves, VSing3PresFin
movie, NN
movies, NNS
moving, VGer
moving, VPresPart
mozzarella, NN
much, JJ
mud, NN
muggle, NN
muggles, NNS
multicultural, JJ
multiple, JJ
multiply, VInf
multitude, NN
mum, NN
municipal, JJ
municipalities, NNS
muscle, NN
muscles, NNS
museum, NN
museums, NNS
mushrooms, NNS
music, NN
music-related, JJ
musical, JJ
musician, NN
musicians, NNS
muslim, JJ
mxn, NN
my-way's-the-only-way, NN
mysteries, NNS
mystery, NN
n, NN
nail, NN
nails, NNS
name, NN
name, VInf
named, VPastPart
names, NNS
nap, NN
narrative, NN
narratives, NNS
narrator, NN
narrow, JJ
nation, NN
national, JJ
nationality, NN
nations, NNS
native, JJ
natives, NNS
natural, JJ
naturalistic, JJ
nature, NN
navy, NN
nazi, JJ
nazis, NNS
near, VPresFin
nearby, JJ
nearest, JJS
necessary, JJ
neck, NN
need, NN
need, VInf
need, VPresFin
needed, JJ
needed, VPastFin
needed, VPastPart
needlework, NN
needs, NNS
needs, VSing3PresFin
needy, JJ
negative, JJ
neglect, NN
negotiate, VInf
negotiating, VGer
negotiation, NN
neighborhood, NN
neighborhoods, NNS
neighboring, JJ
nematocysts, NNS
neo-pagan, JJ
neologism, NN
nervous, JJ
nest, NN
nests, NNS
nests, VSing3PresFin
net, NN
network, NN
networks, NNS
neutral, JJ
new, JJ
newbies, NNS
newcomers, NNS
newer, JJR
newest, JJS
newfound, JJ
news, NN
news, NNS
newsgroup, NN
newsgroups, NNS
newspaper, NN
newspapers, NNS
newsprint, NN
next, JJ
nice, JJ
nickname, NN
nicknamed, VPastPart
night, NN
nightclub, NN
nightclubs, NNS
nightlife, NN
nights, NNS
nine-hour, NN
ninth, JJ
nitrogen, NN
no-nonsense, JJ
no., NN
nobody, NN
noise, NN
noises, NNS
non-adult-like, JJ
non-art, NN
non-fiction, NN
non-fixed, VPastPart
non-functional, JJ
non-life-threatening, JJ
non-locals, NNS
non-muslim, JJ
non-personal, JJ
non-profit, JJ
non-representative, JJ
non-scientific, JJ
nonpartisan, JJ
nonpartisan, NN
norm, NN
normal, JJ
north, NN
north-south, JJ
northbound, JJ
northeast, NN
northeastern, JJ
northern, JJ
nose, NN
nosy, JJ
not-so-arrogant, JJ
notable, JJ
note, NN
note, VInf
notebook, NN
noted, VPastFin
noted, VPastPart
notes, NNS
notes, VSing3PresFin
nothing, NN
notice, VInf
notice, VPresFin
noticed, VPastFin
noticed, VPastPart
notify, VInf
noting, VGer
novel, JJ
novel, NN
novelist, NN
novelty, NN
nowhere, NN
nuclear, JJ
numb, VInf
number, NN
numbered, JJ
numbered, VPastPart
numbers, NNS
numbness, NN
numerous, JJ
nursery, NN
nutritional, JJ
nutty, JJ
object, NN
objects, NNS
observation, NN
observations, NNS
observed, VPastFin
observed, VPastPart
observer, NN
obsession, NN
obstructions, NNS
obtain, VInf
obtained, VPastFin
obtained, VPastPart
obvious, JJ
occasion, NN
occupation, NN
occur, VInf
occur, VPresFin
occurred, VPastFin
occurred, VPastPart
occurrence, NN
occurs, VSing3PresFin
odds, NNS
offense, NN
offensive, JJ
offer, VInf
offer, VPresFin
offered, VPastPart
offering, VGer
offers, VSing3PresFin
office, NN
officer, NN
officers, NNS
offices, NNS
official, JJ
official, NN
officials, NNS
offsets, NNS
offsetting, VGer
offworlder, NN
offworlders, NNS
oil, NN
okay, JJ
old, JJ
older, JJR
olive, NN
olives, NNS
olympic, JJ
on, JJ
one, NN
ones, NNS
ongoing, JJ
onions, NNS
online, JJ
only, JJ
onomatopoeia, NN
oozed, VPastFin
oozes, VSing3PresFin
open, JJ
open, VInf
opened, VPastFin
opened, VPastPart
opening, JJ
opening, NN
opening, VGer
opens, VSing3PresFin
operating, VGer
operations, NNS
opinion, NN
opinions, NNS
opossum, NN
opponents, NNS
opportunities, NNS
opportunity, NN
opposed, VPastPart
opposite, NN
opposition, NN
opt-out, JJ
option, NN
optional, JJ
options, NNS
orange, JJ
orbit, NN
orchestra, NN
orchestral, JJ
ordained, VPastPart
order, NN
order, VInf
ordinary, JJ
organisation, NN
organization, NN
organizers, NNS
orientation, NN
orientations, NNS
origin, NN
original, JJ
original, NN
originality, NN
originate, VInf
origins, NNS
other, JJ
others, NNS
out, JJ
out-of-date, JJ
outbreak, NN
outcome, NN
outcomes, NNS
outcrops, NNS
outdoor, JJ
outer, JJ
outfit, NN
outlines, VSing3PresFin
outlived, VPastPart
outreach, NN
outrunners, NNS
outside, JJ
outside, NN
outstanding, JJ
oval, JJ
oven, NN
over-zealous, JJ
overall, JJ
overcoming, VGer
overdone, VPastPart
overload/create, VInf
overlooked, VPastPart
overseas, JJ
overshadowed, VPastPart
oversite, NN
overslept, VPastPart
overthrow, NN
overtures, NNS
owing, VGer
own, JJ
own, VInf
own, VPresFin
owned, VPastPart
owner, NN
owners, NNS
ownership, NN
oxygen, NN
ozone, NN
ozone-temperature, NN
p, NN
pace, NN
pack, NN
pack, VInf
packaged, JJ
packages, NNS
packed, JJ
packed, VPastFin
packed, VPastPart
packing, NN
packing, VGer
packing, VPresPart
pad, NN
padded, VPastPart
page, NN
pages, NNS
paid, VPastPart
pain, NN
pains, NNS
paint, NN
paint, VInf
painter, NN
painting, NN
painting, VGer
paintings, NNS
paired, VPastPart
pairs, NNS
palatial, JJ
palm, NN
pan, NN
pan-democracy, NN
pan-democrat, JJ
pan-democrat, NN
pan-democratic, JJ
pan-democrats, NNS
panel, NN
panic, NN
panic, VInf
panorama, NN
pants, NNS
paper, NN
papers, NNS
paperwork, NN
parachute, NN
parachutes, NNS
parallel, JJ
paralympic, JJ
paralympics, NNS
paralyzed, VPastPart
parasite, NN
paratexts, NNS
parents, NNS
park, NN
park, VInf
parking, NN
parking, VGer
parks, NNS
parody, NN
part, NN
part-time, JJ
participant, NN
participants, NNS
participated, VPastFin
participating, VGer
particle, NN
particles, NNS
particular, JJ
parties, NNS
partnership, NN
parts, NNS
party, NN
partying, VGer
passed, VPastFin
passenger, NN
passengers, NNS
passing, NN
passion, NN
passionate, JJ
passport, NN
passports, NNS
past, JJ
past, NN
pasta, NN
pastor, NN
pat, VInf
path, NN
paths, NNS
patience, NN
patio, NN
patriotic, JJ
patron, NN
patrons, NNS
patterns, NNS
paved, JJ
pay, VInf
pay, VPresFin
paying, VGer
payment, NN
peaceful, JJ
peanut, NN
peat, NN
pebbles, NNS
pedestrian, NN
peeled, VPastPart
peg, VInf
pegged, VPastPart
pen, NN
penalty, NN
penultimate, JJ
people, NNS
people-smugglers, NNS
peoples, NNS
peppers, NNS
perceive, VInf
percent, NN
perception, NN
perceptions, NNS
perennial, JJ
perfect, JJ
perfecting, VGer
perform, VInf
performance, NN
performances, NNS
performed, VPastFin
performed, VPastPart
performing, VGer
period, NN
periods, NNS
perks, NNS
perlite, NN
permanent, JJ
permission, NN
peroxide, NN
perpetrated, VPastFin
persecuted, VPastPart
perseverance, NN
persistence, NN
person, NN
personal, JJ
personality, NN
personnel, NNS
perspective, NN
persuade, VInf
pesto, NN
pests, NNS
petition, NN
petridishes, NNS
petty, JJ
ph, NN
phase, NN
phases, NNS
phd, NN
phenomenal, JJ
phenomenon, NN
philologists, NNS
philosopher, NN
philosophy, NN
phone, NN
photo, NN
photograph, NN
photograph, VInf
photographers, NNS
photographic, JJ
photographs, NNS
photography, NN
photojournalism, NN
photos, NNS
phrases, NNS
physical, JJ
physics, NN
pick, VInf
pick, VPresFin
picked, VPastFin
picked, VPastPart
picnickers, NNS
pictographs, NNS
picture, NN
pictures, NNS
picturesque, JJ
pie, NN
piece, NN
pieces, NNS
pig, NN
pigmy, NN
piled, VPastPart
pilgrams, NNS
pilgrimage, NN
pilgrimages, NNS
pilgrims, NNS
pillar, NN
pillars, NNS
pills, NNS
pilot, NN
pinch, VInf
pinching, VGer
pink, JJ
pinkie, NN
pioneer, NN
pipelines, NNS
pitch, NN
pity, NN
pivotal, JJ
pizzerias, NNS
place, NN
place, VInf
placed, VPastFin
placed, VPastPart
places, NNS
places, VSing3PresFin
placing, VGer
plain, JJ
plains, NNS
plan, NN
plan, VInf
plane, NN
planet, NN
planned, JJ
planned, VPastPart
planning, NN
planning, VPresPart
plans, NNS
plans, VSing3PresFin
plant, NN
plant, VInf
planted, VPastPart
plants, NNS
plaque, NN
plastic, JJ
plastic, NN
plat, NN
plateau, NN
plated, VPastFin
platform, NN
platted, VPastPart
play, VInf
play, VPresFin
played, VPastFin
played, VPastPart
player, NN
players, NNS
playful, JJ
playing, VGer
playing, VPresPart
playoffs, NNS
plays, VSing3PresFin
plaza, NN
plazas, NNS
pleasant, JJ
pleasantries, NNS
please, VInf
pledge, NN
plenty, JJ
plenty, NN
plight, NN
plot, NN
plots, NNS
plowed, VPastPart
plunge, NN
plural, JJ
plurals, NNS
pocket, NN
pockets, NNS
podcasts, NNS
poem, NN
poems, NNS
poet, NN
poet-turned-fiction-writer, NN
poetry, NN
point, NN
pointe, VPresFin
pointed, JJ
pointed, VPastFin
points, NNS
polaroid, NN
polaroid-room, NN
polaroids, NNS
pole, NN
police, NN
police, NNS
policeman, NN
policy, NN
polish, JJ
polite, JJ
political, JJ
politically-themed, JJ
politician, NN
politicians, NNS
politics, NNS
poll, NN
polling, NN
polls, NNS
pollutants, NNS
pollution, NN
polytheism, NN
ponder, VInf
pool, NN
poor, JJ
pop, NN
popular, JJ
popularity, NN
popularize, VInf
popularized, VPastPart
population, NN
populous, JJ
portrait, NN
portrayal, NN
portrayed, VPastPart
ports, NNS
posed, VPastPart
posited, VPastFin
positing, NN
position, NN
position, VInf
positioning, NN
positions, NNS
positive, JJ
possessions, NNS
possibilities, NNS
possibility, NN
possible, JJ
post, JJ
post, NN
post-modern, JJ
post-season, JJ
postage, NN
postdigital, JJ
postdoctoral, JJ
posted, VPastFin
posted, VPastPart
poster, NN
posters, NNS
posting, NN
posts, NNS
posture, NN
pot, NN
potential, JJ
potential, NN
pour, VInf
poured, VPastPart
pouring, VPresPart
pov, NN
poverty, NN
power, NN
powerful, JJ
powers, NNS
practical, JJ
practice, NN
practice, VInf
practices, NNS
practicing, VGer
practitioners, NNS
pragmatic, JJ
praise, NN
pranks, NNS
prankster, NN
prayer, NN
prayers, NNS
pre-existing, VGer
pre-organised, VPastPart
pre-rinsed, JJ
precipitation, NN
precise, JJ
predators, NNS
predecessors, NNS
predicated, VPastPart
predict, VInf
predicted, VPastPart
preening, VGer
prefer, VInf
prefer, VPresFin
preference, NN
preferences, NNS
preheat, VInf
preliminary, JJ
preparation, NN
prepare, VInf
prepared, VPastPart
preparing, VGer
preparing, VPresPart
preschool, NN
presence, NN
present, JJ
present, VInf
present-day, JJ
presented, VPastPart
preservation, NN
preservatives, NNS
preserved, VPastPart
preserving, VGer
president, NN
press, NN
press, VInf
pressure, NN
prestigious, JJ
pretend, VInf
pretended, VPastFin
pretense, NN
pretext, NN
pretty, JJ
prevalence, NN
prevalent, JJ
prevent, VInf
prevents, VSing3PresFin
previous, JJ
prey, NN
price, NN
priced, VPastPart
pride, NN
prideful, JJ
primary, JJ
primary, NN
prime, JJ
prime-time, NN
primitive, JJ
principles, NNS
print, NN
prints, NNS
priority, NN
prisoner, NN
private, JJ
pro-beijing, JJ
pro-beijing, NNS
pro-establishment, JJ
probability, NN
problem, NN
problems, NNS
procedure, NN
proceed, VInf
proceeds, NNS
process, NN
processes, NNS
processing, NN
processing, VGer
procession, NN
proclaimed, JJ
procrastinating, VGer
procrastination, NN
procrastinator, NN
produce, VInf
produce, VPresFin
produced, VPastPart
produces, VSing3PresFin
producing, VGer
product, NN
production, NN
productive, JJ
products, NNS
professional, JJ
professionals, NNS
professor, NN
professors, NNS
profile, NN
profiles, NNS
profitable, JJ
profits, NNS
profound, JJ
program, NN
progress, VInf
progressive, JJ
project, NN
projections, NNS
projects, NNS
prolific, JJ
prolonged, JJ
prominent, JJ
promise, NN
promising, JJ
promoted, VPastFin
promoted, VPastPart
promotional, JJ
prompted, VPastPart
prompting, VGer
promulgate, VInf
pronounced, VPastPart
proof, NN
propaganda, NN
proper, JJ
properly-fitted, JJ
properties, NNS
property, NN
propose, VInf
proposed, VPastFin
proposed, VPastPart
proposing, VGer
proprietary, JJ
props, NNS
pros, NNS
prospective, JJ
prosperous, JJ
protect, VInf
protected, VPastPart
protection, NN
protective, JJ
protein, NN
proteins, NNS
protests, NNS
proto-language, NN
proud, JJ
prove, VInf
provide, VInf
provide, VPresFin
provided, VPastFin
provided, VPastPart
provides, VSing3PresFin
providing, VGer
province, NN
provincial, JJ
provocation, NN
prowess, NN
proximity, NN
prune, VInf
pry, VInf
psychoanalysis, NN
psychological, JJ
psychologist, NN
psychology, NN
public, JJ
public, NN
public-private, JJ
publication, NN
publications, NNS
publicity, NN
publicized, VPastPart
published, VPastFin
published, VPastPart
publishers, NNS
pucker, NN
pulled, VPastPart
pulling, VGer
pulls, VSing3PresFin
pun, NN
punch, NN
punch, VPresFin
punctuation, NN
punishment, NN
pupil, NN
puppet, NN
puppets, NNS
purchase, VInf
purchased, VPastPart
pure, JJ
puree, VInf
puree, VPresFin
purple, JJ
purported, JJ
purpose, NN
purpose-built, JJ
purposes, NNS
pursuant, JJ
purveyed, VPastPart
push, VInf
push, VPresFin
pushed, VPastFin
pushed, VPastPart
pushing, VPresPart
put, VInf
put, VPastFin
put, VPastPart
put, VPresFin
puts, VSing3PresFin
putting, VGer
puzzles, NNS
quaffle, NN
qualifications, NNS
qualitative, JJ
quality, JJ
quality, NN
quantitative, JJ
quantity, NN
quarter, NN
quasi-state, NN
quest, NN
question, NN
question, VInf
question, VPresFin
questioned, VPastFin
questioning, VGer
questions, NNS
queue, NN
queues, NNS
quick, JJ
quicker, JJR
quickest, JJS
quidditch, NN
quiet, JJ
quinoa, NN
quit, VInf
quote, NN
quoted, VPastFin
quoted, VPastPart
quoting, VGer
r&d, NN
race, NN
rack, NN
radio, NN
radius, NN
ragamuffin, NN
ragga, NN
raided, VPastPart
rail, NN
railroad, NN
rails-to-trails, JJ
rain, NN
rains, NNS
raise, VPresFin
raising, VGer
ran, VPastFin
random, JJ
range, NN
ranges, NNS
ranging, VGer
rank, VInf
ranked, VPastFin
ranked, VPastPart
ranks, VSing3PresFin
rap, NN
rapid, JJ
rapidly-growing, VGer
rare, JJ
rate, NN
rated, VPastPart
rates, VSing3PresFin
rationale, NN
rave, NN
raw, JJ
rays, NNS
re(a)d, JJ
re-elected, VPastPart
re-enactments, NNS
re-evaluate, VInf
re-use, VInf
reach, VInf
reach, VPresFin
reached, VPastPart
reaches, NNS
reaches, VSing3PresFin
reacted, VPastPart
reaction, NN
reactionary, JJ
reactions, NNS
reactive, JJ
read, VInf
read, VPastFin
read, VPresFin
reader, NN
readers, NNS
readership, NN
reading, VGer
reading, VPresPart
readings, NNS
ready, JJ
reaffirm, VPresFin
real, JJ
real-life, JJ
real-world, NN
realistic, JJ
realities, NNS
reality, NN
realize, VInf
realize, VPresFin
reason, NN
reason, VInf
reasonable, JJ
reasoned, VPastFin
reasons, NNS
reassemble, VInf
rebelling, VGer
rebirth, NN
reborn, JJ
recalled, VPastFin
receive, VInf
receive, VPresFin
received, VPastFin
received, VPastPart
receives, VSing3PresFin
receiving, VGer
recent, JJ
recently-accepted, JJ
receptive, JJ
recipient, NN
recipients, NNS
recite, VInf
reckless, JJ
recognising, VGer
recognition, NN
recognize, VInf
recognize, VPresFin
recognized, VPastFin
recognized, VPastPart
recommend, VInf
recommend, VPastPart
recommended, VPastPart
reconstruction, NN
record, NN
record, VInf
record-breaking, JJ
recount, VInf
recourse, NN
recovered, VPastFin
recovery, NN
recreated, VPastPart
recreation, NN
recreational, JJ
recruited, VPastPart
rectangle, NN
recurrent, JJ
recurring, VGer
red, JJ
red, NN
red-headed, JJ
red-light, NN
redesigning, VGer
reduce, VInf
reduced, VPastFin
reduces, VSing3PresFin
reducing, VGer
reducing, VPresPart
reduction, NN
reedy, JJ
reefs, NNS
referee, NN
references, NNS
referencing, VGer
referendum, NN
referendums, NNS
referred, VPastFin
referred, VPastPart
refining, VGer
reflection, NN
reflects, VSing3PresFin
reforms, NNS
refreshment, NN
refrigerator, NN
refrigerators, NNS
refund, NN
refusals, NNS
refused, VPastFin
regard, NN
regard, VInf
regarded, VPastPart
regarding, VGer
region, NN
regional, JJ
regretting, VGer
regular, JJ
regular-length, NN
regulation, NN
regulations, NNS
rehab, NN
reigned, VPastFin
reinforces, VSing3PresFin
reinforcing, VGer
related, JJ
related, VPastPart
relating, VGer
relation, NN
relations, NNS
relationship, NN
relative, JJ
relatives, NNS
release, VPresFin
released, VPastPart
relevance, NN
relevant, JJ
reliable, JJ
relief, NN
relies, VSing3PresFin
religion, NN
religions, NNS
religious, JJ
relocate, VInf
reluctance, NN
rely, VPresFin
relying, VGer
remain, VInf
remainder, NN
remained, VPastFin
remains, NNS
remains, VSing3PresFin
remarkable, JJ
remarked, VPastFin
remarks, NNS
remember, VInf
remember, VPresFin
remilitarization, NN
remind, VInf
reminded, VPastPart
reminder, NN
remnants, NNS
remodelling, NN
removal, NN
remove, VInf
removed, VPastPart
renamed, VPastPart
rendering, NN
renew, VPresFin
renovated, VPastPart
renowned, VPastPart
rent, NN
rent, VInf
rental, JJ
rental, NN
rents, NNS
repeat, VInf
repeated, VPastFin
repeating, VGer
replace, VInf
replaced, VPastPart
report, NN
report, VPresFin
reported, VPastFin
reported, VPastPart
reporter, NN
reporters, NNS
reporting, VGer
repositioning, VPresPart
reposted, VPastPart
represent, VInf
represent, VPresFin
representation, NN
representations, NNS
representative, JJ
represented, VPastPart
represents, VSing3PresFin
reprinted, VPastPart
reproduce, VInf
reproduce, VPresFin
reproducing, VGer
reproduction, NN
repurposed, VPastPart
reputation, NN
request, NN
requested, VPastPart
requesting, VGer
requests, NNS
require, VInf
require, VPresFin
required, VPastPart
requirements, NNS
requires, VSing3PresFin
rescinded, VPastFin
rescue, NN
rescued, VPastFin
rescued, VPastPart
research, NN
researchers, NNS
researching, VGer
resembled, VPastFin
reserve, NN
reservoirs, NNS
reside, VInf
residences, NNS
resident, NN
residential, JJ
residents, NNS
resignation, NN
resigned, VPastFin
resist, VInf
resistance, NN
resolution, NN
resort, NN
resource, NN
resources, NNS
respect, NN
respect, VInf
respects, NNS
respond, VInf
respond, VPresFin
responded, VPastFin
responding, VGer
responds, VSing3PresFin
response, NN
responses, NNS
responsibility, NN
responsible, JJ
rest, NN
restaurant, NN
restaurants, NNS
rests, VSing3PresFin
result, NN
result, VInf
resulted, VPastPart
resulting, VGer
results, NNS
results, VSing3PresFin
resurrection, NN
retail, JJ
retail, NN
retailers, NNS
retain, VInf
retain, VPresFin
retaliated, VPastFin
retired, VPastFin
retirement, NN
retreat, NN
retrieve, VInf
retriever, NN
retroactive, JJ
retrospect, NN
return, NN
return, VInf
returned, VPastFin
returned, VPastPart
reuse, NN
reused, VPastPart
reveal, VInf
revealed, VPastFin
revealed, VPastPart
reveals, VSing3PresFin
revenue, NN
review, NN
reviews, NNS
revisit, VInf
revisit, VPresFin
revitalization, NN
revival, NN
revolution, NN
revolutionary, JJ
revolutionizing, VGer
revolve, VInf
revolves, VSing3PresFin
reward, NN
rice, NN
rich, JJ
riches, NN
riches, NNS
richest, JJS
ride, NN
rider, NN
riders, NNS
rides, NNS
riding, VGer
rigger, NN
right, JJ
right, NN
rights, NNS
ringed, VPastPart
rinse, VInf
ripe, JJ
rise, NN
rise, VInf
rise, VPresFin
rises, VSing3PresFin
rising, VGer
risk, NN
risking, VGer
risks, VSing3PresFin
rites, NNS
rival, NN
rivalries, NNS
river, NN
riverboatmen, NNS
rnb, NN
road, NN
roads, NNS
roadshows, NNS
roadway, NN
roadways, NNS
roam, VInf
robe, NN
rock, NN
rocket, NN
rocks, NNS
rocky, JJ
role, NN
roll, NN
rolling, JJ
roman, JJ
romance, NN
romantic, JJ
room, NN
rooms, NNS
roots, NNS
rope, NN
ros-concentration, NN
rose, VPastFin
rotating, VGer
rouge, NN
rough-skinned, JJ
round, JJ
rounds, NNS
route, NN
routes, NNS
rov, NN
royal, JJ
rubble, NN
rude, JJ
ruled, VPastPart
rules, NNS
rules, VSing3PresFin
ruling, NN
rum, NN
rums, NNS
run, VInf
run, VPastPart
run, VPresFin
runner, NN
running, JJ
running, NN
running, VGer
runs, VSing3PresFin
runway, NN
rush, NN
rushing, VGer
russian, JJ
rust, JJ
s, VSing3PresFin
s&m, NN
saccades, NNS
sacred, JJ
sacrifice, VPresFin
sacrifices, NNS
sad, JJ
safe, JJ
safeguards, NNS
safer, JJR
said, VPastFin
said, VPastPart
saint, NN
salad, NN
salesman, NN
salons, NNS
salsa, NN
salt, NN
same, JJ
same-day, JJ
same-sex, JJ
sample, NN
sample, VInf
samples, NNS
sampling, VGer
sand, NN
sang, VPastFin
sanitary, JJ
sank, VPastFin
santorum, NN
saponins, NNS
sappy, JJ
sarcastic, JJ
sat, VPastFin
satire, NN
satirical, JJ
saturdays, NNS
saucepan, NN
save, VInf
saved, VPastFin
saw, VPastFin
say, VInf
say, VPresFin
saying, VGer
saying, VPresPart
says, VSing3PresFin
scale, NN
scan, NN
scan, VInf
scanning, NN
scanning, VGer
scapes, NNS
scared, VPastPart
scarf, NN
scattered, JJ
scenario, NN
scenarios, NNS
scene, NN
scenery, NN
scenes, NNS
scenic, JJ
scent, NN
scheduled, VPastPart
schedules, NNS
scholar, NN
scholars, NNS
scholarship, NN
school, NN
school-camps, NNS
school-related, JJ
schools, NNS
science, NN
scientific, JJ
scientist, NN
scientists, NNS
scientology, NN
scope, NN
score, NN
score, VInf
scores, NNS
scoring, VGer
scorpion, NN
scoured, VPastFin
scraped, VPastFin
scratch, NN
screen, NN
screens, NNS
screw, NN
screws, NNS
scripted, VPastPart
sea, NN
seal, VInf
search, NN
search, VInf
search, VPresFin
searches, NNS
searching, VGer
searching, VPresPart
season, NN
seasonings, NNS
seasons, NNS
seat, NN
seats, NNS
second, JJ
second, NN
seconds, NNS
secret, NN
secretary, NN
secretive, JJ
section, NN
sector, NN
secularist, NN
security, NN
see, VInf
see, VPresFin
seed, NN
seeded, VPastPart
seeds, NNS
seeing, VGer
seeing, VPresPart
seek, VInf
seek, VPresFin
seeker, NN
seekers, NNS
seeking, VGer
seeks, VSing3PresFin
seem, VInf
seem, VPresFin
seemed, VPastFin
seeming, JJ
seems, VSing3PresFin
seen, VPastPart
seive, NN
seized, VPastPart
selected, VPastFin
selected, VPastPart
selecting, VGer
selection, NN
selective, JJ
self, NN
self-awareness, NN
self-conscious, JJ
self-contained, JJ
self-deprecating, JJ
self-described, VPastPart
self-discipline, NN
self-identified, VPastPart
self-image, NN
self-loathing, JJ
self-medicate, VInf
self-medicating, VGer
self-reflect, VInf
self-sufficient, JJ
selfie, NN
sell, VInf
selling, VGer
semantic, JJ
sensation, NN
sense, NN
senses, NNS
sensitive, JJ
sensitivity, NN
sent, VPastFin
sent, VPastPart
sentence, NN
sentences, NNS
sentiment, NN
separate, JJ
separating, VGer
series, NN
serious, JJ
serve, VInf
serve, VPresFin
served, VPastFin
served, VPastPart
serves, VSing3PresFin
service, NN
serviced, VPastPart
services, NNS
serving, VGer
session, NN
set, NN
set, VInf
set, VPastPart
sets, NNS
sets, VSing3PresFin
settings, NNS
settled, VPastPart
settlement, NN
settlers, NNS
setups, NNS
seventeen-year-olds, NNS
several, JJ
sex, NN
sexual, JJ
sexy, JJ
shadow, NN
shake, VInf
shaken, VPastPart
shame, NN
shape, NN
shaped, VPastPart
share, NN
share, VInf
share, VPresFin
shell, NN
shells, NNS
shelter, NN
sheltered, VPastPart
shining, VGer
ship, NN
shipped, VPastFin
shipping, NN
shipping, VGer
shirt, NN
shirts, NNS
shock, NN
shocked, VPastPart
shoes, NNS
shooting, NN
shopping, NN
shopping, VGer
shops, NNS
shore, NN
shores, NNS
short, JJ
shortcut, NN
shortened, VPastPart
shorts, NNS
shot, NN
shot, VPastPart
shots, NNS
shoulders, NNS
shout, VInf
shove, NN
shoving, VGer
show, NN
show, VInf
show, VPresFin
showed, VPastFin
showing, VGer
shown, VPastPart
shows, NNS
shows, VSing3PresFin
shredded, JJ
shrouded, VPastPart
shrouds, NNS
shut, VInf
shut, VPastPart
si, NN
side, NN
sides, NNS
sidewalk, NN
siesta, NN
sieve, NN
sighed, VPastFin
sights, NNS
sightseeing, NN
sigma, NN
sign, NN
signal, VInf
signaled, VPastFin
signalling, VGer
signatures, NNS
signed, VPastPart
significance, NN
significant, JJ
signing, VGer
signs, NNS
silk, NN
silver, JJ
silver, NN
similar, JJ
simmer, VInf
simple, JJ
simpler, JJR
simplest, JJS
simulate, VInf
sing, VInf
singer-songwriter, NN
singing, VGer
singing, VPresPart
single, JJ
sipping, VGer
sisal, NN
sister, NN
sit, VInf
sit, VPresFin
site, NN
sites, NNS
sitting, NN
sitting, VGer
sitting, VPresPart
situated, VPastPart
situation, NN
situations, NNS
sixteen-year-old, JJ
sixties, NNS
size, NN
sizes, NNS
skeptical, JJ
skills, NNS
skin, NN
skip, VInf
skipped, VPastFin
skirmish, NN
skirts, NNS
sky, NN
sky-colored, JJ
skydivers, NNS
skydiving, NN
skyline, NN
skytrain, NN
slanted, VPastPart
sleep, NN
sleep, VInf
sleep, VPresFin
sleeping, VPresPart
sleepy, JJ
sleeve, NN
slept, VPastFin
slice, NN
slices, NNS
slides, NNS
slightest, JJS
slippers, NNS
slipping, VPresPart
slipstream, NN
slovenian, JJ
slow, JJ
slowed, VPastFin
smacked, VPastFin
small, JJ
smaller, JJR
smash, VInf
smell, NN
smell, VInf
smelled, VPastFin
smells, VSing3PresFin
smiled, VPastFin
smiley, JJ
smiling, VPresPart
smock, NN
smooth, JJ
smudge, VInf
smug, JJ
smugness, NN
snacks, NNS
snake, NN
snap, NN
snappy, JJ
snatches, VSing3PresFin
sneak, VInf
sneakers, NNS
snippets, NNS
snitch, NN
snitches, NNS
snorted, VPastFin
snow, NN
snug, JJ
snug-fitting, JJ
so-and-so, NN
so-called, JJ
soak, VInf
soaked, VPastPart
soared, VPastFin
soccer, NN
social, JJ
socialist, NN
socialize, VPresFin
society, NN
sock, NN
socks, NNS
soda, NN
sodden, JJ
sodium, NN
sofas, NNS
soft, JJ
software, NN
soil, NN
solar, JJ
solar-system, NN
sold, VPastFin
solid, JJ
solo, JJ
solution, NN
solve, VInf
solving, NN
solving, VGer
some, NN
somebody, NN
someone, NN
something, NN
son, NN
song, NN
sons, NNS
soot, NN
sophisticated, JJ
sorghum, NN
sorrows, NNS
sorry, JJ
sort, NN
sort, VInf
sorts, NNS
sound, NN
sound, VInf
sound, VPresFin
sounds, NNS
source, NN
south, JJ
south, NN
south-eastern, JJ
southeast, JJ
southeast, NN
southern, JJ
southwest, NN
soviet, JJ
sow, VInf
soybean, NN
space, NN
spacecraft, NN
spaced, VPastPart
spaces, NNS
span, NN
spanish, JJ
spanish-english, JJ
spanning, VGer
spans, VSing3PresFin
sparkling, JJ
spatial, JJ
spawned, VPastPart
speak, VInf
speaking, VGer
special, JJ
specializing, VGer
specialty, NN
species, NN
species, NNS
specific, JJ
specimen, NN
specimens, NNS
spectacular, JJ
spectrophotometer, NN
speed, NN
speeds, NNS
spelling, VGer
spend, VPresFin
spending, VGer
spent, VPastPart
spice, NN
spinal, JJ
spine, NN
spinoff, NN
spiral, NN
spirit, NN
spirits, NNS
spitfire, NN
split, VPastFin
spoilers, NNS
spoke, VPastFin
spoken, VPastPart
spokesman, NN
sponsored, VPastPart
spores, NNS
sport, NN
sporting, VGer
sports, NNS
spot, NN
spotlight, VInf
spotted, VPastPart
spread, NN
spread, VInf
spread, VPastFin
spread, VPastPart
spreading, VGer
sprinkle, VInf
sprouts, NNS
spy, NN
square, JJ
square, NN
squares, NNS
squashed, VPastPart
squawking, VGer
st., NN
stability, NN
stabros, NNS
staccato, JJ
stack, VInf
stacks, NNS
stadium, NN
staff, NN
stage, NN
staggered, JJ
stained, VPastFin
staircase, NN
staircases, NNS
stalk, NN
stamp, NN
stampede, NN
stampedes, NNS
stamping, VGer
stand, NN
stand, VInf
standard, JJ
standards, NNS
standing, VGer
stands, VSing3PresFin
stanza, NN
staring, VGer
staring, VPresPart
stars, NNS
start, NN
start, VInf
start, VPresFin
started, VPastFin
started, VPastPart
starting, VGer
starting, VPresPart
startled, VPastFin
starts, VSing3PresFin
startup, NN
stash, VInf
state, NN
stated, VPastFin
stated, VPastPart
stateless, JJ
stately, JJ
statement, NN
statements, NNS
states, NNS
stating, VGer
station, NN
stationery, NN
stations, NNS
statistical, JJ
statistics, NNS
statue, NN
statuette, NN
status, NN
stay, NN
stay, VInf
stay, VPresFin
stayed, VPastFin
staying, VPresPart
stays, NNS
steel, NN
steeped, VPastPart
steered, VPastPart
stem, NN
stems, NNS
step, NN
step, VPresFin
step-by-step, JJ
stepped, VPastFin
steps, NNS
stereotype, NN
stick, NN
stickies, NNS
sticks, NNS
still, JJ
stimulating, VGer
stimuli, NNS
stinging, VGer
stints, NNS
stipulation, NN
stir-fry, NN
stirring, VGer
stock, NN
stocking, VPresPart
stomachs, NNS
stone, NN
stones, NNS
stonework, NN
stoning, VGer
stood, VPastFin
stop, VInf
stopped, VPastFin
stopped, VPastPart
stopping, VGer
stops, NNS
stops, VSing3PresFin
storage, NN
store, NN
store, VInf
storefronts, NNS
stores, NNS
stories, NNS
storing, VGer
storm, NN
storms, NNS
story, NN
storyworld, NN
stove, NN
straight, JJ
straightforward, JJ
strainer, NN
strange, JJ
strangers, NNS
strap, NN
strategic, JJ
strategies, NNS
strategy, NN
stratosphere, NN
strawberries, NNS
stray, JJ
streaked, VPastPart
stream, NN
streaming, VGer
street, NN
streets, NNS
strengthen, VInf
strengths, NNS
stress, NN
stressed, VPastPart
stressful, JJ
stretch, VInf
stretching, VGer
strict, JJ
strike, NN
strikes, NNS
striking, VGer
strings, NNS
stripe, NN
stroll, VPresFin
strong, JJ
stronger, JJR
structural, JJ
structure, NN
structures, NNS
struggle, VInf
stuck, VPastPart
student, NN
students, NNS
studied, VPastFin
studies, NNS
studies, VSing3PresFin
studio, NN
study, NN
study, VInf
study, VPresFin
studying, VGer
studymate, NN
stuff, NN
stumps, NNS
stupid, JJ
sturdy, JJ
styles, NNS
sub-categories, NNS
sub-saharan, JJ
subdued, JJ
subject, JJ
subject, NN
subjected, VPastPart
subjective, JJ
subjects, NNS
submicron, NN
submission, NN
submit, VInf
submits, VSing3PresFin
substances, NNS
substantive, JJ
substitute, NN
subtle, JJ
suburb, NN
suburban, JJ
suburbs, NNS
subway, NN
succeed, VInf
success, NN
successes, NNS
successful, JJ
such, JJ
sudden, JJ
suffer, VInf
suffered, VPastFin
suffered, VPastPart
suffering, NN
suggest, VInf
suggest, VPresFin
suggested, VPastFin
suggestions, NNS
suggests, VSing3PresFin
suicide, NN
suit, VInf
sulfate, NN
sulphuric, JJ
summer, NN
summers, NNS
summertime, NN
sun, NN
sunk, VPastPart
sunlight, NN
sunny, JJ
sunrise, NN
sunscreen, NN
sunset, NN
sunshine, NN
superb, JJ
supermarkets, NNS
superstars, NNS
superstores, NNS
supervision, NN
supplies, NNS
supply, NN
support, NN
support, VInf
supported, VPastPart
supporters, NNS
supporting, VGer
supportive, JJ
supports, VSing3PresFin
suppose, VInf
suppose, VPresFin
supposed, VPastPart
suppressive, JJ
suprematist, NN
supreme, JJ
sure, JJ
surface, NN
surfing, NN
surge, VInf
surprise, NN
surprised, VPastPart
surprises, NNS
surprising, JJ
surrender, NN
surrounding, VGer
surroundings, NNS
survey, NN
survival, NN
survive, VInf
survived, VPastFin
survived, VPastPart
surviving, VGer
suspect, VPresFin
sustain, VInf
sustainable, JJ
sustained, JJ
swabs, VSing3PresFin
swallow, VInf
swamped, VPastPart
sweat, VInf
sweet, JJ
swelling, VGer
swim, VInf
swimming, VGer
swings, VSing3PresFin
switch, NN
switched, VPastFin
sword, NN
swords, NNS
symbolizes, VSing3PresFin
symbols, NNS
symmetry, NN
synonymous, JJ
system, NN
systematic, JJ
systems, NNS
t-shirt, NN
t-test, NN
table, NN
tables, NNS
tablespoons, NNS
tabletop, NN
tablets, NNS
tackle, VInf
tactical, JJ
tactics, NNS
tag, NN
tag, VInf
tailor-made, JJ
take, NN
take, VInf
take, VPresFin
taken, VPastPart
takes, VSing3PresFin
taking, VGer
taking, VPresPart
talent, NN
talk, NN
talk, VInf
talk, VPresFin
talked, VPastPart
talking, VGer
talking, VPresPart
talks, NNS
tall, JJ
tap, VInf
tape, NN
tape, VInf
tapping, VGer
tarahumara, JJ
tarantula, NN
target, VInf
task, NN
tasked, VPastPart
tasks, NNS
taste, VInf
taste, VPresFin
tasted, VPastFin
tasteful, JJ
tastes, VSing3PresFin
tasting, VGer
tasty, JJ
tatters, NNS
taught, VPastFin
taught, VPastPart
tax, NN
tax, VInf
taxes, NNS
taxi, NN
tea, NN
teach, VInf
teacher, NN
teachers, NNS
teaching, NN
team, NN
teams, NNS
tear, NN
tears, NNS
teaspoon, NN
technique, NN
techniques, NNS
technologies, NNS
technology, NN
teenager, NN
tel, NN
telegram, NN
televised, VPastPart
television, NN
televisions, NNS
tell, VInf
tell, VPresFin
telling, VGer
telling, VPresPart
tells, VSing3PresFin
temperature, NN
temperatures, NNS
temporal, JJ
temporary, JJ
temptation, NN
tend, VPresFin
tendency, NN
tendrils, NNS
tennis, NN
tens, NNS
tense, JJ
tenth, NN
term, NN
terminal, JJ
terminals, NNS
terms, NNS
terrain, NN
terrible, JJ
terrific, JJ
test, NN
test, VInf
testament, NN
testing, NN
tests, NNS
text, NN
text, VInf
textbook, NN
textile, JJ
textile, NN
texture, NN
thank, VInf
thank, VPresFin
thanks, NNS
theatre, NN
theft, NN
theme, NN
themes, NNS
theories, NNS
theorized, VPastFin
theory, NN
there, NN
thin, JJ
thing, NN
things, NNS
think, VInf
think, VPresFin
thinking, VGer
thinks, VSing3PresFin
third, JJ
third, NN
thorough, JJ
thought, NN
thought, VPastFin
thoughts, NNS
thousand-strong, JJ
thousands, NNS
thread, NN
threads, NNS
threat, NN
threatening, VGer
threats, NNS
thrilled, VPastPart
thrives, VSing3PresFin
thriving, JJ
throw, VInf
throwing, VGer
thrown, VPastPart
thumb, NN
ticket, NN
tidbit, NN
tie, NN
tie, VInf
tied, JJ
tied, VPastPart
tight, JJ
tighten, VInf
tights, NNS
tiles, NNS
time, NN
time-boxing, NN
time-frames, NNS
timed, VPastPart
timer, NN
times, NNS
timing, NN
tiny, JJ
tip, NN
tips, NNS
tired, JJ
tired, VPastPart
tissue, NN
title, NN
to-do, NN
toast, VInf
today, NN
toilet, NN
toiletries, NNS
told, VPastFin
told, VPastPart
tolerate, VInf
toll, NN
tomatoes, NNS
tomorrow, NN
tongue, NN
tonic, JJ
tons, NNS
took, VPastFin
tool, NN
tools, NNS
top, JJ
top, NN
topic, NN
topical, JJ
topics, NNS
topped, VPastFin
total, JJ
total, NN
touch, NN
touch, VInf
touched, VPastPart
touches, NNS
touching, VGer
touchstones, NNS
tour, NN
tour, VInf
tourism, NN
tourist, NN
touristic, JJ
tourists, NNS
touristy, JJ
tournament, NN
tours, NNS
towels, NNS
town, NN
towns, NNS
toxic, JJ
toys, NNS
track, NN
tracking, NN
tracks, NNS
trade, NN
trademark, NN
trading, NN
tradition, NN
traditional, JJ
traditions, NNS
traffic, NN
trafficking, VGer
tragedies, NNS
trail, NN
trails, NNS
train, NN
training, NN
training, VGer
trajectory, NN
trampled, VPastPart
trams, NNS
transaction, NN
transcriptome, NN
transfer, VInf
transferred, VPastPart
transform, VInf
transformations, NNS
transforms, VSing3PresFin
transit, NN
transition, NN
translate, VInf
translates, VSing3PresFin
translating, VGer
translation, NN
translations, NNS
translator, NN
translucent, JJ
transmedia, NN
transplant, VInf
transplants, NNS
transport, NN
transport, VInf
transport, VPresFin
transportation, NN
trash, NN
travel, NN
travel, VInf
traveler, NN
travelers, NNS
traveling, VPresPart
travellers, NNS
travels, VSing3PresFin
tread, VInf
treasure, NN
treasurer, NN
treasures, NNS
treat, VInf
treated, VPastFin
treated, VPastPart
treatment, NN
tree, NN
tree-trunks, NNS
trees, NNS
tremendous, JJ
trends, NNS
trendy, JJ
triangular, JJ
trick, NN
tricks, NNS
tried, VPastFin
tried, VPastPart
tries, VSing3PresFin
trimmed, VPastPart
trip, NN
tripped, VPastPart
tripping, VPresPart
trips, NNS
triumph, NN
trivial, JJ
troops, NNS
trophy, NN
tropical, JJ
trouble, NN
trouble, VInf
troubling, VPresPart
trove, NN
true, JJ
trumpets, NNS
trust, VPresFin
trusts, VSing3PresFin
truth, NN
try, VInf
try, VPresFin
trying, VGer
trying, VPresPart
tube, NN
tuberculosis, NN
tubes, NNS
tugged, VPastFin
tunnel, NN
turismo@merida.gob.mx, NN
turn, NN
turn, VInf
turn, VPresFin
turned, VPastFin
turned, VPastPart
turning, VGer
turnout, NN
turtle, NN
tweet, NN
tweeted, VPastFin
twelve, NN
twenties, NNS
twentieth, JJ
twines, NNS
twisted, JJ
twister, NN
two-dimensional, JJ
two-minute, NN
tycoons, NNS
type, NN
types, NNS
typical, JJ
typifies, VSing3PresFin
ultimate, JJ
ultrasonic, JJ
unable, JJ
unaware, JJ
uncertain, JJ
uncertainty, NN
uncommon, JJ
uncompleted, JJ
unconscious, JJ
unconvincing, JJ
uncover, VInf
uncrowded, JJ
undergoing, VGer
undernourishment, NN
undersecretary, NN
understand, VInf
understand, VPresFin
understanding, NN
understanding, VGer
understood, VPastFin
understood, VPastPart
undertakes, VSing3PresFin
undertook, VPastFin
underway, JJ
underwear, NN
undiscovered, JJ
undue, JJ
unemployment, NN
unending, JJ
unexpected, JJ
unfamiliar, JJ
unfunny, JJ
unheard, JJ
unimpeded, JJ
uninhabited, JJ
unique, JJ
united, VPastPart
units, NNS
universal, JJ
universities, NNS
university, NN
unknown, JJ
unknowns, NNS
unleavened, JJ
unlikely, JJ
unlimited, JJ
unmarried, JJ
unmediated, JJ
unorthodox, JJ
unpack, VInf
unprecedented, JJ
unproductive, JJ
unreachable, JJ
unreliable, JJ
untamed, JJ
unused, JJ
unusual, JJ
unwilling, JJ
up-and-coming, JJ
upcoming, JJ
update, VInf
upper, JJ
upper-class, JJ
upright, JJ
upset, VPastPart
upside-down, JJ
urban, JJ
urge, NN
urge, VPresFin
us, JJ
usage, NN
usd, NN
use, NN
use, VInf
use, VPresFin
used, VPastFin
used, VPastPart
useful, JJ
usefulness, NN
user, NN
username, NN
users, NNS
using, VGer
using, VPresPart
usual, JJ
utensil, NN
utilise, VPresFin
utter, JJ
vacation, NN
valid, JJ
valley, NN
valuable, JJ
value, NN
value, VPresFin
values, VSing3PresFin
vans, NNS
variability, NN
variables, NNS
variant, NN
variation, NN
varied, VPastFin
varies, VSing3PresFin
varieties, NNS
variety, NN
various, JJ
vast, JJ
vegetable, NN
vegetables, NNS
vegetarians, NNS
vegetation, NN
vehicle, NN
veined, VPastPart
veins, NNS
velocity, NN
vendors, NNS
ventured, VPastFin
venue, NN
verdict, NN
vermiculite, NN
version, NN
versions, NNS
very, JJ
very, VInf
vessel, NN
vessels, NNS
vested, JJ
veteran, JJ
veteran, NN
veterans, NNS
veto, NN
veto, VInf
viable, JJ
vice, JJ
victory, NN
video, NN
videos, NNS
view, NN
viewed, VPastPart
viewer, NN
viewers, NNS
viewership, NN
viewing, NN
viewing, VGer
views, NNS
village, NN
villages, NNS
vineyards, NNS
vip, NN
virtual, JJ
virtuous, JJ
visa, NN
visibility, NN
visible, JJ
vision, NN
visit, NN
visit, VInf
visited, VPastFin
visited, VPastPart
visiting, VGer
visiting, VPresPart
visitor, NN
visitors, NNS
visits, NNS
visual, JJ
visualization, NN
vital, JJ
vodka, NN
voice, NN
volcanic, JJ
volcano, NN
volley, NN
volleyball, NN
volume, NN
volunteer, NN
volunteers, NNS
vote, NN
voted, VPastFin
voted, VPastPart
voters, NNS
votes, NNS
vowel, NN
vowels, NNS
vulnerabilities, NNS
vulnerability, NN
vulnerable, JJ
vying, VGer
wafer, NN
waging, VPresPart
wait, VInf
wait, VPresFin
waited, VPastFin
waits, VSing3PresFin
wake, NN
wake, VInf
wake, VPresFin
wakes, VSing3PresFin
walk, NN
walk, VInf
walked, VPastFin
walking, NN
walking, VGer
walking, VPresPart
walks, VSing3PresFin
wall, NN
walls, NNS
wandering, VPresPart
want, VInf
want, VPresFin
wanted, VPastFin
wanted, VPastPart
wanting, VGer
wants, VSing3PresFin
war, NN
warehouse, NN
warfare, NN
warhol-like, JJ
warm, JJ
warm, VInf
warming, VGer
warnings, NNS
warranted, VPastPart
warship, NN
wartime, NN
was, VSing1PastFin
was, VSing3PastFin
was, VSingPastFin
wash, VInf
washed, VPastPart
washing, NN
waste, VInf
watch, VInf
watching, VGer
water, NN
water, VInf
water, VPresFin
waterfall, NN
waterfalls, NNS
waterfront, NN
watering, VGer
waters, NNS
wave, NN
wave-length, NN
waving, VGer
wax, NN
way, NN
ways, NNS
weak, JJ
weakest, JJS
wealth, NN
wealthy, JJ
wealthy, NNS
weapon, NN
weapons, NNS
wear, NN
wear, VInf
wear, VPresFin
wearing, VGer
wearing, VPresPart
weather, NN
weathered, VPastPart
web, NN
webcomic, NN
website, NN
websites, NNS
wedding, NN
weed, VInf
weeds, NNS
week, NN
weekday, NN
weekend, NN
weekends, NNS
weekly, JJ
weeks, NNS
weight, NN
welcome, JJ
well-contained, JJ
well-drained, JJ
well-founded, JJ
well-known, JJ
well-measured, VPastPart
went, VPastFin
were, VPastFin
west, JJ
west, NN
western, JJ
wet, JJ
wharf, NN
wheat, NN
wheelchair, NN
where, VPastFin
while, NN
white, JJ
whittle, VPresFin
whole, JJ
whole, NN
wide, JJ
wider, JJR
wife, NN
wiffle, NN
wig, NN
wiggle, VInf
wiki, NN
wiki-based, VPastPart
wikilove, NN
wikinews, JJ
wikinews, NN
wikis, NNS
wild, JJ
wild, NN
wildlife, NN
will, VInf
willing, JJ
willing, VPresPart
win, VInf
winces, VSing3PresFin
wind, NN
wind, VInf
window, NN
winds, NNS
windsurf, NN
wine, NN
winning, VGer
winning, VPresPart
wins, VSing3PresFin
winter, NN
winters, NNS
wiped, VPastPart
wise, JJ
wish, VInf
wish, VPresFin
wished, VPastFin
wishes, VSing3PresFin
witness, VInf
wizarding, JJ
woke, VPastFin
woman, NN
womanizer, NN
women, NNS
won, VPastFin
won, VPastPart
wondered, VPastFin
wonderful, JJ
wondering, VPresPart
wood, NN
wooden, JJ
wooing, VGer
word, NN
words, NNS
work, NN
work, VInf
work, VPresFin
workday, NN
worked, VPastFin
worked, VPastPart
workers, NNS
workforce, NN
working, NN
working, VGer
working, VPresPart
workout, NN
works, NNS
works, VPresFin
world, NN
world-class, JJ
world-renowned, JJ
worlds, NNS
worldview, NN
worldwide, JJ
worn, VPastPart
worry, VInf
worry-free, JJ
worse, JJR
worship, NN
worship, VPresFin
worshippers, NNS
worst, JJS
worth, JJ
worthwhile, JJ
wounded, VPastPart
wounding, VGer
wow, NN
wrap, NN
wrap, VInf
write, VInf
write, VPresFin
writer, NN
writers, NNS
writes, VSing3PresFin
writing, NN
writing, VGer
writing, VPresPart
written, VPastPart
wrong, JJ
wrote, VPastFin
x, NN
ya, VPastPart
year, NN
year-round, JJ
years, NNS
yellow, JJ
yesterday, NN
yield, NN
yields, NNS
yoga, NN
yogurt, NN
young, JJ
young, NN
younger, JJR
youngest, JJS
youth, NN
zealander, NN
zeitgeist, NN
zodiac, NN
zombie, NN
zone, NN
zouk, NN
°, NNS
±, NN
’m, VPresFin
’re, VPresFin
’s, VSing3PresFin
’ve, VPresFin
's, VSing3PresFin
10th, JJ
131-page, NN
131st, JJ
164th, JJ
1950s, NNS
1960s, NNS
19th, JJ
20-minute, NN
202nd, JJ
20s, NNS
21st, JJ
22nd, JJ
236th-level, JJ
30s, NNS
30th, JJ
34th, JJ
39th, JJ
50th, JJ
ability, NN
able, JJ
aboard, JJ
absolute, JJ
academic, JJ
accept, VInf
accept, VPresFin
acceptable, JJ
accepted, VPastPart
accepting, VGer
access, NN
accidental, JJ
accommodate, VInf
accomplishments, NNS
according, VGer
account, NN
accredited, VPastPart
accurate, JJ
achievements, NNS
achieving, VGer
acne, NN
acoustic, JJ
acted, VPastFin
active, JJ
activity, NN
actors, NNS
add, VInf
add, VPresFin
added, VPastFin
added, VPastPart
adding, VGer
addition, NN
additional, JJ
address, VPresFin
adequate, JJ
adjusted, VPastPart
adjustments, NNS
administration, NN
admire, VInf
admires, VSing3PresFin
adoption, NN
adorning, VGer
adult, NN
adults, NNS
advanced, VPastFin
adventure, NN
adverse, JJ
advice, NN
advised, VPastPart
advocate, NN
affect, VInf
affront, NN
age, NN
agencies, NNS
agenda, NN
agendas, NNS
agent, NN
aided, VPastPart
aimed, VPastPart
air, NN
aircraft, NN
airsurfers, NNS
airtight, JJ
all-purpose, JJ
allow, VInf
allowance, NN
allowed, VPastPart
allows, VSing3PresFin
altering, VGer
amazing, JJ
amenities, NNS
american, JJ
amount, NN
analyses, NNS
analysis, NN
analytical, JJ
analyzing, VGer
ancestry, NN
anchor, VInf
angry, JJ
animal, NN
anime, NN
ankle-length, JJ
ankle-length, NN
anniversary, NN
anniversay, NN
announced, VPastFin
announcement, NN
announces, VSing3PresFin
answered, VPastFin
anticontributive, JJ
antique, JJ
antlike, JJ
anyone, NN
anything, NN
apartment, NN
appearance, NN
appeared, VPastFin
apple, NN
applied, VPastPart
apply, VInf
apply, VPresFin
appreciable, JJ
appreciated, VPastPart
approach, NN
approaches, VSing3PresFin
appropriate, JJ
approved, JJ
apricot, NN
arc, VPresFin
architect, NN
architecture, NN
are, VPresFin
area, NN
areas, NNS
arena, NN
arrange, VInf
arranged, VPastPart
art, NN
artifacts, NNS
artistic, JJ
arts, NNS
ask, VInf
asked, VPastPart
aspect, NN
aspects, NNS
assembly, NN
assessed, VPastFin
assigned, VPastPart
assist, VInf
associated, VPastPart
associations, NNS
assume, VPresFin
assumption, NN
astronaut, NN
astronauts, NNS
atmosphere, NN
atolls, NNS
attaches, VSing3PresFin
attack, NN
attend, VInf
attended, VPastPart
attendees, NNS
attending, VGer
attention, NN
attract, VInf
attracted, VPastPart
attracting, VGer
attractive, JJ
attracts, VSing3PresFin
attribute, VInf
attrition, NN
audio, JJ
audio, NN
audiobooks, NNS
austere, JJ
author, NN
autobiography, NN
available, JJ
avant-garde, JJ
average, JJ
avoid, VInf
await, VPresFin
aware, JJ
awareness, NN
back, VInf
background, NN
bad, JJ
bake, VInf
baking, NN
baking, VGer
balanced, JJ
ball, NN
balls, NNS
banana, NN
banks, NNS
bark, NN
barn, NN
barrier, NN
bars, NNS
base, NN
based, VPastPart
bashful, JJ
basic, JJ
batter, NN
bays, NNS
be, VInf
beach, NN
beaches, NNS
bear, VInf
bears, VSing3PresFin
beat, VInf
beautiful, JJ
beavertail, NN
beavertails, NNS
became, VPastFin
become, VInf
become, VPastPart
bed, NN
beeping, NN
beer, NN
began, VPastFin
began, VPastPart
behalf, NN
behavior, NN
believe, VPresFin
believed, VPastFin
believes, VSing3PresFin
benefit, VInf
benefits, NNS
best, JJS
bet, NN
better, JJR
bias, NN
biases, NNS
bigger, JJR
biker, NN
bilingual, JJ
bill, NN
bird, NN
birds, NNS
birth, NN
birthplace, NN
bit, NN
bivariate, JJ
blank, JJ
blobs, NNS
blocks, NNS
blocs, NNS
blonde, NN
blossom, NN
blouses, NNS
blue, JJ
blueprints, NNS
boats, NNS
body, NN
book, NN
books, NNS
bookstores, NNS
booth, NN
border, NN
bordered, VPastPart
bored, JJ
born, VPastPart
bottom, NN
bought, VPastPart
boutiques, NNS
bow, NN
bow, VPresFin
bowl, NN
box, NN
boy, NN
branch, VInf
brazillian, JJ
bridge, NN
brief, NN
bright, JJ
brilliant, JJ
bring, VInf
bringing, VGer
broad, JJ
broad-brimmed, JJ
brown, JJ
browning, VPresPart
browsing, VGer
brush, VPresFin
buddhist, JJ
budget, NN
budgets, NNS
build, VInf
building, NN
buildings, NNS
built-in, JJ
bully, NN
bundle, NN
bureaucrats, NNS
burgeoning, JJ
burgeoning, VGer
burgers, NNS
burning, VGer
bus, NN
business, NN
bustle, NN
butter, NN
button, NN
button-front, NN
buzzes, VSing3PresFin
buzzing, VGer
cabinets, NNS
cacti, NNS
cactus, NN
cafes, NNS
cakes, NNS
calculations, NNS
call, VInf
called, VPastFin
called, VPastPart
callous, NN
calls, VSing3PresFin
calves, NNS
came, VPastFin
campaign, NN
campaigns, NNS
can, NN
canadian, JJ
candidate, NN
candidates, NNS
cans, NNS
cap, NN
capacity, NN
capitalist, JJ
capped, VPastPart
capturing, VGer
care, NN
career, NN
carries, VSing3PresFin
cars, NNS
carved, VPastPart
case, NN
cases, NNS
caster, NN
casuarina, NN
cat, NN
catalog, NN
categories, NNS
category, NN
cats, NNS
caught, VPastPart
cause, NN
cause, VInf
causing, VPresPart
celebrated, VPastFin
celebrated, VPastPart
celebrates, VSing3PresFin
celebration, NN
celebrity, NN
center, NN
centered, VPastPart
centers, NNS
centre, NN
century, NN
ceo, NN
ceremony, NN
certain, JJ
chaired, VPastFin
chairman, NN
challenged, VPastFin
challenges, NNS
championship, NN
change, NN
changed, VPastPart
changes, NNS
changing, VGer
chaperones, NNS
chapter, NN
character-style, NN
characters, NNS
charitable, JJ
charity, NN
chaste, JJ
check, VInf
cheeks, NNS
chemical, NN
chemicals, NNS
chest, NN
children, NNS
chilly, JJ
chocolate, NN
choice, NN
choices, NNS
choose, VInf
chose, VPastFin
chosen, VPastPart
cider, NN
city, NN
civic, JJ
clarity, NN
class, NN
classical, JJ
classified, JJ
clean, JJ
cleaning, VGer
clear, JJ
clear, VInf
climate, NN
climb, VInf
climbs, VSing3PresFin
clog-type, NN
close, NN
close, VPresFin
closing, VGer
cloth, NN
clothes, NNS
clothing, NN
cloud, NN
cloudy, JJ
cluster, NN
clustering, NN
clutch, VPresFin
cm, NNS
cm., NNS
coalesces, VSing3PresFin
coastal, JJ
cocoa, NN
coconut, NN
coded, VPastPart
coffee, NN
coincided, VPastFin
cold, JJ
collapsed, VPastPart
colleagues, NNS
collecting, VGer
collection, NN
collects, VSing3PresFin
color, NN
colour, NN
combine, VInf
combined, JJ
combines, VSing3PresFin
come, VInf
come, VPresFin
comes, VSing3PresFin
comics, NNS
coming, VGer
commander, NN
commands, NNS
commemorating, VGer
commentary, NN
commercial, JJ
commercialish, JJ
committees, NNS
common, JJ
commonwealth, NN
community, NN
companies, NNS
company, NN
compared, VPastPart
compartment, NN
competition, NN
complained, VPastPart
complaint, NN
complete, VPresFin
completed, VPastPart
completion, NN
complex, JJ
comprehensive, JJ
concentrated, VPastFin
concentration, NN
concept, NN
concepts, NNS
concerning, VGer
concerts, NNS
conclusion, NN
conductor, NN
conflicts, NNS
connected, VPastPart
conscious, JJ
consequences, NNS
conservative, JJ
consider, VInf
considered, VPastPart
constellations, NNS
constitute, VInf
constraints, NNS
consumed, VPastPart
contact, NN
contained, VPastFin
container, NN
containers, NNS
containing, VGer
contains, VSing3PresFin
contemporary, JJ
content, NN
context, NN
continuing, VGer
continuous, JJ
control, NN
convened, VPastFin
convention, NN
conventional, JJ
converted, VPastPart
cooking, NN
cool, JJ
cool, VInf
cooling, NN
copyright, NN
coral, JJ
coral, NN
corners, NNS
corporatism, NN
corrected, VPastPart
correction, NN
corrections, NNS
corrects, VSing3PresFin
corrupt, VInf
cosplay, NN
cosplayer, NN
costumed, VPastPart
costumes, NNS
cotton, NN
counterterrorism, NN
country, NN
counts, NNS
couple, NN
course, NN
courts, NNS
cove, NN
cover, VInf
covers, VSing3PresFin
craftsmanship, NN
crawls, VSing3PresFin
cream, NN
create, VInf
created, VPastFin
created, VPastPart
crew, NN
critical, JJ
criticism, NN
cronyism, NN
cross-section, NN
crossing, VGer
crowd, NN
crystallize, VInf
cubic, JJ
cultural, JJ
culture, NN
cultures, NNS
cup, NN
cupcake, NN
cupcakes, NNS
cups, NNS
curdle, VInf
cure, VInf
curious, JJ
current, JJ
customs, NNS
cut, VInf
cuts, VSing3PresFin
cutting, NN
cuttings, NNS
cyclones, NNS
damage, NN
dangerous, JJ
danish, JJ
dark, JJ
data, NNS
database, NN
date, NN
date, VPresFin
day, NN
days, NNS
deal, VInf
dealing, VGer
death, NN
debates, NNS
decades, NNS
decentralized, JJ
decide, VPresFin
decision, NN
decision-making, NN
deck, NN
decline, NN
decommissioning, NN
dedicated, JJ
deducted, VPastPart
deep, JJ
defended, VPastFin
defined, VPastFin
defined, VPastPart
definite, JJ
definitions, NNS
defriended, VPastPart
degree, NN
degrees, NNS
delayed, VPastPart
delete, VInf
delicious, JJ
delinquent, JJ
demo, NN
demographic, JJ
demonstration, NN
den, NN
denies, VSing3PresFin
denying, NN
department, NN
depending, VGer
derived, VPastPart
described, VPastFin
described, VPastPart
deserted, VPastPart
design, NN
design-based, JJ
designer, NN
desired, VPastPart
destination, NN
destroyed, VPastPart
destruction, NN
detailed, VPastFin
details, NNS
deter, VInf
deterrent, NN
deutschmarks, NNS
developed, VPastFin
development, NN
dictate, VPresFin
did, VPastFin
difference, NN
differential, JJ
differentiates, VSing3PresFin
differing, VGer
difficult, JJ
digits, NNS
direct, JJ
direction, NN
disability, NN
disagreeable, JJ
disappointed, VPastPart
discouraging, VGer
discriminated, VPastPart
discrimination, NN
discriminatory, JJ
discusses, VSing3PresFin
discussion, NN
disintegrated, VPastFin
disperses, VSing3PresFin
display, NN
displayed, VPastPart
displays, NNS
disrespect, NN
dissertation, NN
distinctive, JJ
distribute, VInf
distribution, NN
diverse, JJ
diversified, JJ
diversity, NN
do, VInf
do, VPresFin
doctoral, JJ
document, NN
documents, NNS
doing, VGer
doing, VPresPart
domain, NN
donate, VInf
donation, NN
donations, NNS
done, VPastPart
donned, VPastFin
doorway, NN
doorways, NNS
dormer, NN
double, JJ
download, VInf
downtown, NN
drain, NN
drainage, NN
drawn, VPastPart
draws, NNS
dress, NN
dressers, NNS
dresses, NNS
dressing, VGer
dried, VPastPart
drive, VPresFin
drop, NN
dropped, VPastPart
drought, NN
drug, NN
dry, JJ
dry, VInf
due, JJ
dumped, VPastPart
duties, NNS
dynamic, JJ
e-mail, NN
early, JJ
earned, VPastFin
ears, NNS
earthquake, NN
earthquakes, NNS
east, JJ
eastern, JJ
easy, JJ
eat, VInf
eater, NN
echoisms, NNS
economic, JJ
economics, NNS
ed., NN
edge, NN
education, NN
educational, JJ
effect, NN
effective, JJ
effectiveness, NN
effects, NNS
efficient, JJ
effort, NN
efforts, NNS
eggs, NNS
elected, VPastPart
electing, VGer
election, NN
electric, JJ
electronic, JJ
elegance, NN
elements, NNS
elevator, NN
eliminate, VPresFin
elites, NNS
emailed, VPastFin
embodies, VSing3PresFin
emerged, VPastFin
emergency, NN
emit, VPresFin
employed, VPastPart
employees, NNS
employing, VGer
empty, JJ
encircle, VPresFin
end, NN
endure, VInf
energy, NN
enforce, VInf
engineering, NN
engines, NNS
english, JJ
enough, JJ
ensuring, VGer
enter, VInf
entered, VPastFin
entertainment, NN
entire, JJ
entrance, NN
entrances, NNS
entrepreneurship, NN
entry, NN
entryways, NNS
envelope, NN
environment, NN
environmental, JJ
equal, JJ
era, NN
eras, NNS
erred, VPastFin
errors, NNS
esperanto, NN
essay, NN
essence, NN
establishments, NNS
estimates, NNS
estimating, VGer
ethical, JJ
ethiopian, JJ
etiquette, NN
euros, NNS
evening, NN
event, NN
everyone, NN
evident, JJ
evolution, NN
evolutionary, JJ
exact, JJ
examination, NN
examine, VInf
examined, VPastFin
examined, VPastPart
example, NN
excitement, NN
exclusive, JJ
executing, VGer
exemplifying, VGer
expected, VPastPart
expensive, JJ
experience, NN
experience, VInf
experiences, NNS
experiment, VInf
expired, VPastPart
exploded, VPastFin
exploratory, JJ
explore, VInf
explored, VPastPart
express, VInf
expressed, VPastFin
expressed, VPastPart
extending, VGer
extract, NN
extreme, NN
exuberant, JJ
eye, NN
eyes, NNS
f, NN
face, VInf
face, VPresFin
facilities, NNS
facility, NN
facing, VGer
fact, NN
fairness, NN
fakes, NNS
fall, NN
falls, VSing3PresFin
family, NN
famous, JJ
fan, NN
fan-based, JJ
fans, NNS
fantastic, JJ
fantasy, NN
far, JJ
farewell, NN
fashionable, JJ
faster, JJR
fate, NN
favor, NN
favorite, JJ
favors, NNS
favors, VSing3PresFin
favourite, NN
fear, NN
feat, NN
features, VSing3PresFin
feces, NNS
feds, NNS
feel, NN
feel, VPresFin
feet, NNS
fellow, JJ
female, JJ
fertilize, VInf
fertilizer, NN
few, JJ
fewer, JJR
fiction, NN
fighter, NN
figure, NN
filaments, NNS
file, NN
fill, VInf
final, JJ
finals, NNS
find, VInf
find, VPresFin
findings, NNS
fine, JJ
finished, VPastPart
finishing, VGer
first, JJ
fit, NN
five-kilometer-high, JJ
fixtures, NNS
flags, NNS
flapping, VGer
flat, JJ
flavor, NN
flavored, VPastPart
flavoring, VGer
flavors, NNS
flaws, NNS
fleet, NN
flight, NN
flip-flops, NNS
floor, NN
flour, NN
flowers, NNS
fluffy, JJ
fly, VInf
flying, VGer
foam, NN
focus, NN
focused, VPastFin
follow-up, NN
following, VGer
food, NN
foodie, NN
foodies, NNS
forced, VPastPart
forearm, NN
forefront, NN
foreign, JJ
foreigners, NNS
forgetting, VGer
form, NN
form, VInf
formal, JJ
formation, NN
former, JJ
forty, NN
forum, NN
found, VPastPart
founder, NN
founders, NNS
fourth, JJ
fragile, JJ
fragrant, JJ
franciscans, NNS
free, JJ
freedom, NN
freeloaders, NNS
friendly, JJ
friends, NNS
front, NN
frost, VInf
frosting, NN
fruit, NN
fucking, JJ
full, JJ
fundamentals, NNS
fundraising, VPresPart
funny, JJ
further, JJR
further, VInf
fuselage, NN
future, JJ
g, NN
g, NNS
galleries, NNS
gallivanting, VGer
gameplay, NN
gamers, NNS
games, NNS
gang, NN
gap, NN
garbage, NN
garden, NN
gardening, NN
gardens, NNS
garnered, VPastPart
garrison, NN
gathered, VPastPart
gave, VPastFin
gender, NN
generations, NNS
genres, NNS
german, JJ
germinate, VPresFin
get, VInf
get, VPresFin
getting, VGer
give, VInf
given, VPastPart
gives, VSing3PresFin
glittering, VGer
glowing, JJ
go, VInf
go, VPresFin
goals, NNS
going, VGer
good, JJ
got, VPastFin
government, NN
governor, NN
governor(s), NNS
governors, NNS
grade, NN
graduated, VPastFin
graffiti, NNS
grammar, NN
grammars, NNS
grammatical, JJ
graphic, JJ
gray, JJ
great, JJ
greater, JJR
greatest, JJS
green, JJ
greeting, NN
grocery, NN
group, NN
groups, NNS
grow, VInf
grow, VPresFin
growing, VGer
grown, VPastPart
grows, VSing3PresFin
guaranteed, VPastPart
gubernatorial, JJ
guests, NNS
guided, VPastPart
gun, NN
guy, NN
hack, VInf
had, VPastFin
had, VPastPart
hair, NN
half, NN
half-chinese, JJ
hall, NN
halls, NNS
hand, NN
hand-held, JJ
handle, VInf
hands, NNS
hands-on, JJ
hang, VPresFin
hangar, NN
hanging, VGer
happening, VGer
harbour, NN
harbours, NNS
harvesting, VGer
harvests, NNS
has, VSing3PresFin
hassle, NN
hat, NN
hate, VPresFin
have, VInf
have, VPresFin
having, VGer
hazard, NN
hazards, NNS
headquarters, NN
headset, NN
health, NN
healthy, JJ
heaps, NNS
hear, VPresFin
hearing, VGer
heartbreaking, JJ
heartland, NN
heat, NN
heaven, NN
heavier, JJR
hebrew, JJ
height, NN
heights, NNS
held, VPastFin
help, NN
help, VInf
helps, VSing3PresFin
hierarchy, NN
high, JJ
high-five, NN
higher, JJR
highest, JJS
highlighted, VPastPart
highlights, NNS
hiking, VGer
hill, NN
hills, NNS
hip, NN
hipster, NN
history, NN
holder, NN
holders, NNS
holes, NNS
home, NN
homes, NNS
honed, VPastPart
honorary, JJ
hooded, JJ
hook-nosed, JJ
hop, NN
hope, VPresFin
horror, NN
hospital, NN
hospitals, NNS
hostile, JJ
hot, JJ
hottest, JJS
hour, NN
hours, NNS
house, NN
house, VInf
houses, NNS
hub, NN
huge, JJ
humans, NNS
humid, JJ
humpback, NN
humpbacks, NNS
hundreds, NNS
hung, VPastPart
hunt, VInf
hunter, NN
hunting, VGer
hurricane, NN
hustle, NN
ice, NN
ice, VInf
icing, NN
idea, NN
ideas, NNS
idiosyncratic, JJ
illustrator, NN
image, NN
immersed, VPastPart
immigration, NN
impact, NN
implement, VInf
implementation, NN
implementing, VGer
important, JJ
improv, NN
improved, VPastPart
improvement, NN
in-group, NN
inappropriate, JJ
incentives, NNS
inch, NN
inches, NNS
incident, NN
incidents, NNS
include, VInf
include, VPresFin
included, VPastFin
included, VPastPart
includes, VSing3PresFin
including, VGer
income, NN
increases, NNS
increasing, VGer
independence, NN
independent, JJ
index, NN
indicate, VInf
indicated, VPastFin
indigenous, JJ
individuals, NNS
indoor, JJ
industrial, JJ
ineffective, JJ
infect, VPresFin
infected, VPastPart
inferiors, NNS
infestation, NN
influence, NN
information, NN
infospace, NN
ingredients, NNS
initial, JJ
injury, NN
inspire, VInf
inspired, VPastPart
institutions, NNS
integral, JJ
intend, VPresFin
intended, VPastPart
intense, JJ
interest, NN
interesting, JJ
international, JJ
interracial, JJ
interview, NN
interviewed, VPastPart
interviews, NNS
interviews, VSing3PresFin
introduction, NN
investigate, VInf
invited, VPastFin
invited, VPastPart
involved, VPastFin
involved, VPastPart
irrational, JJ
is, VSing3PresFin
island, NN
islands, NNS
issued, VPastFin
issues, NNS
items, NNS
japanese, JJ
jiffy, NN
job, NN
joined, VPastPart
journey, NN
judgment, NN
juice, NN
jump, VPresFin
junction, NN
keep, VInf
keep, VPresFin
keys, NNS
kill, VInf
killing, VGer
kind, NN
kiss, NN
kittens, NNS
kitties, NNS
kitty, NN
knee, NN
knees, NNS
knew, VPastFin
know, VInf
know, VPresFin
knowledge, NN
known, VPastPart
korean, JJ
laborers, NNS
lack, NN
land, NN
landing, VGer
landmarks, NNS
language, NN
languages, NNS
lapses, NNS
large, JJ
larger, JJR
larger-sized, JJ
largest, JJS
last, JJ
late, JJ
later, JJR
latest, JJS
launch, NN
launch, VInf
launched, VPastFin
launches, VSing3PresFin
launchpads, NNS
law, NN
law-breakers, NNS
lawbreakers, NNS
laws, NNS
layman, NN
lead, NN
lead, VInf
leadership, NN
leading, VGer
lean, VPresFin
leaning, VGer
leans, VSing3PresFin
learned, VPastPart
least, JJS
leave, VInf
lectured, VPastFin
lectures, NNS
left, JJ
left, VPastFin
left, VPastPart
legacy, NN
legislators, NNS
legislature, NN
legitimate, JJ
legs, NNS
length, NN
less, JJR
lesser-known, JJ
let, VInf
lets, VSing3PresFin
letters, NNS
level, NN
levels, NNS
liberal, JJ
liberated, JJ
libertarian, JJ
libertarians, NNS
liberty, NN
license, NN
licenses, NNS
lies, VSing3PresFin
life, NN
lifebrands, NNS
lifetime, NN
lifted, VPastFin
lifting, VGer
liftoff, NN
lifts, VSing3PresFin
light, JJ
light, NN
like, VInf
like, VPresFin
likely, JJ
limbs, NNS
limestone, NN
limit, VInf
limited, JJ
limits, NNS
line, NN
linguist, NN
linguistic, JJ
linguistics, NN
linguists, NNS
liquid, JJ
listed, VPastPart
literary, JJ
litter, NN
little, JJ
live, JJ
live, VPresFin
living, VGer
local, JJ
locals, NNS
location, NN
locations, NNS
logic, NN
long, JJ
look, NN
look, VInf
look, VPresFin
looking, VGer
looks, VSing3PresFin
loopholes, NNS
lost, VPastPart
lot, NN
lots, NNS
lovely, JJ
lower, JJR
lowering, VGer
lowest, JJS
lump, NN
lunchboxes, NNS
lying, VGer
m, NN
macadamia, NN
made, VPastPart
main, JJ
major, JJ
majority, NN
make, VInf
make, VPresFin
makes, VSing3PresFin
making, VGer
making, VPresPart
male, JJ
man, NN
management, NN
mandala, NN
mandatory, JJ
maneuvering, NN
manned, VPastPart
manor, NN
many, JJ
map, NN
maple, NN
marble, NN
market, NN
markets, NNS
marriage, NN
mask, VInf
massive, JJ
master, NN
masterpiece, NN
matches, NNS
material, NN
materials, NNS
math, NN
matter, NN
meaning, NN
meaning, VGer
means, NNS
means, VSing3PresFin
meant, VPastPart
measure, NN
measures, NNS
meet, VPresFin
meeting, VGer
members, NNS
men, NNS
mental, JJ
mentioned, VPastFin
mentor, NN
merit-makers, NNS
mess, NN
meters, NNS
method, NN
methods, NNS
metres, NNS
mice, NNS
michelin-rated, VPastPart
miles, NNS
military, NN
milk, NN
mind, NN
minimum, NN
minister, NN
minority, NN
mint, NN
minute, NN
minutes, NNS
misguided, JJ
miso, NN
misplaced, VPastPart
missed, VPastFin
missed, VPastPart
missing, VGer
mission, NN
miteless, JJ
mites, NNS
mix, NN
mix, VInf
mixed, JJ
mixed, VPastPart
mixed-race, JJ
mixer, NN
mixing, VGer
mixture, NN
ml, NN
ml, NNS
modern, JJ
modernism, NN
modest, JJ
moist, JJ
moisture, NN
molded, VPastPart
monetary, JJ
money, NN
monk, NN
monks, NNS
month, NN
months, NNS
more, JJR
morphology, NN
morsels, NNS
mosquito, NN
most, JJS
mother, NN
mountain, NN
mouse, NN
mouser, NN
mousers, NNS
move, VPresFin
movement, NN
movies, NNS
moving, VGer
mp, NN
much, JJ
muffin, NN
mulberry, NN
multicultural, JJ
murder, NN
museum, NN
music, NN
nails, NNS
name, NN
names, NNS
namesake, NN
nanosprings, NNS
nation, NN
national, JJ
native, JJ
natural, JJ
nature, NN
nearby, JJ
neat, JJ
need, NN
need, VPresFin
needs, VSing3PresFin
neighbor, NN
neighborhood, NN
neighborhoods, NNS
neosilk-and-nanotube, NN
neroli, NN
nesting, VGer
net, JJ
netting, NN
neurobiological, JJ
neuroscientists, NNS
new, JJ
nexus, NN
night, NN
nightclubs, NNS
nod, VPresFin
nomination, NN
nominee, NN
nominees, NNS
non-commercial, JJ
noninteger, NN
nonsense, NN
normal, JJ
north, JJ
north, NN
northeast, NN
northwest, JJ
nose, NN
notable, JJ
notables, NNS
notation, NN
note, VInf
noted, VPastPart
notes, NNS
notes, VSing3PresFin
noteworthy, JJ
nothing, NN
notices, VSing3PresFin
noticing, VGer
notions, NNS
novel, NN
novelists, NNS
nuisance, NN
number, NN
numerous, JJ
nurtured, VPastPart
nut, NN
nutrients, NNS
oath, NN
object, NN
objects, NNS
obtain, VInf
obtained, VPastPart
oc, NN
occasion, NN
occasions, NNS
occur, VInf
occurrence, NN
ocean, NN
odd, JJ
of, NN
offense, NN
offer, VInf
offer, VPresFin
offered, VPastFin
offering, NN
offering, VGer
offering, VPresPart
offers, VSing3PresFin
office, NN
officers, NNS
offices, NNS
official, JJ
officials, NNS
offshoot, NN
oil, NN
oils, NNS
ok, JJ
old, JJ
older, JJR
olive, NN
onerous, JJ
ones, NNS
online, JJ
only, JJ
onomatopoeia, NN
open, JJ
open-air, JJ
open-minded, JJ
opening, VGer
opinion, NN
opportunities, NNS
opportunity, NN
opposite, JJ
opt, VPresFin
options, NNS
orange, NN
orbital, JJ
orbiter, NN
orbiters, NNS
order, NN
ordinary, JJ
organic, JJ
organising, VGer
organization, NN
organizations, NNS
orientation, NN
origin, NN
original, JJ
origins, NNS
other, JJ
others, NNS
out-group, NN
outfit, NN
outfits, NNS
outgoing, JJ
outstanding, JJ
oval, NN
oval-shaped, JJ
oven, NN
overall, JJ
overhangs, NNS
overshadowed, VPastPart
owl, NN
owls, NNS
own, JJ
own, VPresFin
owns, VSing3PresFin
p-value, NN
packed, VPastPart
pad, NN
pads, NNS
page, NN
pan, NN
pandanus, NN
panel, NN
pantry, NN
pants, NNS
paper, NN
papers, NNS
parade, NN
parental, JJ
parkland, NN
parliament, NN
part, NN
part-time, JJ
particular, JJ
parties, NNS
partisanship, NN
parts, NNS
party, NN
party, VInf
pass, VInf
passed, VPastPart
passerby, NN
passing, VGer
past, NN
path, NN
pattern, NN
patterns, NNS
pay-education, NN
paying, VPresPart
peace, NN
peach, NN
people, NNS
peppermint, NN
perceived, VPastPart
percent, NN
perfect, JJ
performance, NN
performing, VGer
period, NN
permanent, JJ
permission, NN
permissive, JJ
person-recognition, NN
personal, JJ
pet, JJ
pet, NN
pets, NNS
philologist, NN
phonetics, NN
phonosemanticism, NN
photo-ops, NNS
photographer, NN
phrase, NN
physical, JJ
pick, VInf
picture, NN
picturesque, JJ
piece, NN
pilot, NN
pinch, NN
pine, VPresFin
pioneering, VGer
place, NN
place, VInf
placed, VPastFin
placed, VPastPart
places, NNS
plain, JJ
plan, NN
plan, VInf
plans, NNS
plant, VInf
plant, VPresFin
planting, VGer
plants, NNS
play, VInf
played, VPastFin
played, VPastPart
player, NN
players, NNS
playing, VGer
pleasant, JJ
pleased, VPastPart
plenty, NN
plucked, VPastPart
plus, NN
podcasters, NNS
podiobooks.com, NN
poem, NN
poetry, NN
point, NN
points, NNS
poisons, NNS
policies, NNS
policy, NN
polite, JJ
political, JJ
politicians, NNS
politics, NNS
poll, NN
poll, VInf
polling, NN
polls, NNS
polo, NN
poo, NN
pool, NN
poor, JJ
pop, JJ
popular, JJ
popularity, NN
population, NN
port, NN
pose, VPresFin
posh, JJ
position, VInf
positions, NNS
possess, VPresFin
possible, JJ
pot, NN
potential, JJ
pots, NNS
pottery, NN
potting, VGer
pour, VInf
poverty, NN
powder, NN
pox, NN
practices, NNS
practised, VPastPart
pragmatic, JJ
prayer, NN
precedents, NNS
prefer, VPresFin
preferable, JJ
preheat, VInf
prepare, VInf
prepared, VPastPart
preparedness, NN
prepped, VPastPart
present, JJ
presents, VSing3PresFin
preserve, VInf
preserved, VPastPart
preserving, VGer
presidency, NN
president, NN
presidential, JJ
press, VPresFin
prevalence, NN
prevent, VInf
previous, JJ
prey, NN
prices, NNS
primaries, NNS
primary, NN
principle, NN
print, NN
prior, JJ
prioritizing, VGer
private, JJ
prize-winner, NN
probe, NN
problem, NN
proceeds, NNS
processes, NNS
produce, VInf
produced, VPastPart
produces, VSing3PresFin
product, NN
products, NNS
profess, VPresFin
professional, JJ
professor, NN
professors, NNS
program, NN
project, NN
projects, NNS
promise, NN
promised, VPastPart
promote, VInf
pronoun, NN
property, NN
proponent, NN
proportions, NNS
proposed, VPastFin
proposed, VPastPart
prosecute, VInf
prosecution, NN
protected, VPastPart
prototype, NN
proved, VPastFin
proven, VPastPart
provide, VInf
provide, VPresFin
provided, VPastPart
provides, VSing3PresFin
providing, VGer
psychologists, NNS
public, JJ
public, NN
publication, NN
published, VPastFin
published, VPastPart
publishers, NNS
pulpit, NN
pumice, NN
purchase, VInf
purchased, VPastPart
pureed, VPastPart
purple, JJ
purpose, NN
pursue, VPresFin
push, NN
pushing, VGer
put, VInf
put, VPastFin
put, VPresFin
putting, VGer
qualifications, NNS
qualified, VPastPart
quality, NN
quantity, NN
question, NN
questionnaire, NN
questions, NNS
quiet, JJ
quieter, JJR
quote, VInf
race, NN
racial, JJ
rack, NN
radiant, JJ
radical, JJ
raffles, NNS
rail, NN
railing, NN
rain-stained, VPastPart
rained, VPastFin
rainy, JJ
raise, VInf
raise, VPresFin
raised, VPastPart
raising, VGer
ran, VPastFin
random, JJ
range, NN
ranging, VGer
rank, NN
ranks, NNS
rappers, NNS
rare, JJ
rate, NN
rational, JJ
re-entry, NN
re-record, VInf
reach, NN
read, VInf
readers, NNS
reading, NN
ready, JJ
real, JJ
realize, VPresFin
reason, NN
reasons, NNS
rebuilding, VGer
recall, VInf
receive, VInf
received, VPastFin
recent, JJ
recession, NN
recieve, VInf
recipe, NN
reciprocate, VInf
recoded, VPastPart
recognized, VPastPart
recommend, VPresFin
reconsider, VInf
record, VInf
recording, VGer
recordings, NNS
rector, NN
red, JJ
reduce, VInf
reducing, VGer
reefs, NNS
referred, VPastFin
referring, VGer
reflect, VPresFin
reflects, VSing3PresFin
reform, NN
refurbishing, VGer
refused, VPastFin
regarding, VGer
regulatory, JJ
reinfestation, NN
rejecting, VGer
rejection, NN
relative, JJ
religion, NN
relocated, VPastFin
relocated, VPastPart
remained, VPastFin
remaining, VGer
remains, VSing3PresFin
remarkable, JJ
remember, VPresFin
reminiscent, NN
remove, VInf
removes, VSing3PresFin
removing, VGer
rep, NN
repellents, NNS
repelling, VGer
replace, VInf
replaced, VPastPart
replacing, VGer
report, NN
reported, VPastFin
reported, VPastPart
reporter, NN
representative, JJ
represents, VSing3PresFin
reptile, NN
republican, JJ
repudiation, NN
reputation, NN
requested, VPastPart
require, VInf
required, VPastPart
research, NN
researchers, NNS
residence, NN
resident, NN
residential, JJ
residents, NNS
resign, VInf
resistant, JJ
respect, NN
respectful, JJ
respective, JJ
respects, NNS
respond, VPresFin
responded, VPastFin
respondent, NN
respondents, NNS
response, NN
responses, NNS
responsibility, NN
restaurant, NN
restaurants, NNS
resting, VGer
restrictions, NNS
resulted, VPastFin
results, NNS
retired, VPastPart
retirement, NN
return, NN
returned, VPastFin
returning, VGer
returns, VSing3PresFin
revenue, NN
reward, VPresFin
rewind, VInf
rice, NN
rid, JJ
ridiculous, JJ
right, JJ
right, NN
rights, NNS
rigid, JJ
ripple, NN
rise, NN
river, NN
road, NN
rocks, NNS
rodents, NNS
role, NN
romantic, JJ
room, NN
rooms, NNS
rooted, VPastPart
roots, NNS
rosewater, NN
rot, NN
rot, VInf
rough, JJ
round, NN
rounds, NNS
ruffles, VSing3PresFin
rule, NN
rules, NNS
run, VInf
running, NN
running, VGer
rush, NN
sacred, JJ
safe, JJ
safety, NN
said, VPastFin
said, VPastPart
sailing, NN
sailing, VGer
sailing, VPresPart
sales, NNS
saloon, NN
salt, NN
salute, VPresFin
same, JJ
same-sex, NN
sample, NN
sampling, NN
sand, NN
sandals, NNS
sandwiches, NNS
sandy, JJ
saw, VPastFin
say, VInf
say, VPresFin
saying, VGer
says, VSing3PresFin
scallion, NN
scaring, VGer
scatter, VInf
scattering, VGer
scent, NN
schedule, NN
scholars, NNS
school, NN
schoolchildren, NNS
schools, NNS
schoolteacher, NN
science, NN
sciences, NNS
scientific, JJ
scope, NN
scored, VPastPart
scratch, NN
scream, VInf
scream, VPresFin
screw, NN
search, NN
season, NN
seats, NNS
secluded, JJ
second, JJ
second-order, NN
secondaries, NNS
secondary, JJ
secondary, NN
seconds, NNS
secrecy, NN
secret, JJ
sections, NNS
secure, VInf
security, NN
see, VInf
see, VPresFin
seeds, NNS
seek, VPresFin
seeking, VGer
seeks, VSing3PresFin
seem, VInf
seem, VPresFin
seen, VPastPart
sees, VSing3PresFin
select, VInf
selected, VPastFin
selected, VPastPart
selection, NN
self, NN
self-reported, JJ
sense, NN
sensitive, JJ
sent, VPastPart
sentences, NNS
separated, VPastPart
serious, JJ
serve, VInf
served, VPastFin
servers, NNS
service, NN
serving, VGer
servings, NNS
set, VInf
set, VPastPart
setting, NN
settings, NNS
setup, NN
several, JJ
sex, NN
sexual, JJ
shade, NN
shadows, NNS
shady, JJ
shake, VInf
sham, NN
share, VInf
share, VPresFin
sheet, NN
shelter, NN
sheltered, VPastPart
shelters, NNS
shelters, VSing3PresFin
shield, NN
shifted, VPastFin
shirt, NN
shirts, NNS
shoes, NNS
shoot, VInf
shops, NNS
short, JJ
shortfalls, NNS
shorthand, NN
shorts, NN
shorts, NNS
shoulders, NNS
shoving, VGer
showdown, NN
showed, VPastFin
showing, VGer
shown, VPastPart
shut, VInf
shuttle, NN
shuttles, NNS
sick, JJ
side, NN
sides, NNS
sidewalk, NN
sifted, VPastPart
sight, NN
sign, NN
signs, NNS
silence, NN
silicone, NN
silver, JJ
similar, JJ
simple, JJ
simplicity, NN
simplification, NN
simulators, NNS
sincere, JJ
single, JJ
sit, VInf
site, NN
sites, NNS
sitting, VGer
situation, NN
size, NN
skeptical, JJ
skewer, NN
skin, NN
skip, NN
skirt, NN
skirts, NNS
sky, NN
skyline, NN
sleeved, JJ
sleeveless, JJ
sleeves, NNS
slight, JJ
slight, VInf
slim, JJ
slip, VPresFin
sloping, JJ
slowdowns, NNS
small, JJ
smell, NN
smell, VInf
smell, VPresFin
smells, NNS
smile, NN
smiles, VSing3PresFin
snake, NN
snaps, VSing3PresFin
sniff, VInf
snip, NN
snorkelling, VGer
snowdrifts, NNS
social, JJ
socialized, VPastPart
society, NN
sociolinguistics, NN
sociologists, NNS
soda, NN
soil, NN
sold, VPastPart
solutions, NNS
somebody, NN
someone, NN
something, NN
sort, NN
sound, NN
sounds, NNS
soup, NN
sources, NNS
south, NN
southeast, JJ
southeast, NN
southern, JJ
soy, NN
space, NN
spaghetti, NN
speak, VInf
speaker, NN
special, JJ
specialize, VPresFin
specialized, VPastFin
species, NN
species, NNS
specific, JJ
spectacular, JJ
spectrum, NN
speech, NN
spend, VInf
spend, VPresFin
spending, NN
spirit, NN
spoke, VPastFin
spoken, VPastPart
spokesperson, NN
spokeswoman, NN
spot, NN
spots, NNS
sprawled, VPastFin
spring, NN
sprouted, VPastPart
squatright, NN
stable, JJ
staff, NN
stage, NN
stamp, NN
stand, VPresFin
standard, JJ
standing, VGer
stands, NNS
stands, VSing3PresFin
stares, VSing3PresFin
start, VInf
started, VPastFin
state, NN
stated, VPastFin
statement, NN
station, NN
statistic, NN
statistics, NNS
stay, VInf
steel, NN
step, NN
step, VInf
stepping, VGer
steps, NNS
steps, VSing3PresFin
sticking, VGer
stir, VInf
stops, NNS
store, NN
stored, VPastPart
stores, NNS
strange, JJ
straps, NNS
strategy, NN
stratification, NN
stratospheric, JJ
strawberry, JJ
strawberry, NN
stream, NN
street, NN
streets, NNS
strict, JJ
string, NN
strong, JJ
structural, JJ
structure, NN
structures, NNS
student, NN
students, NNS
studied, VPastPart
studies, NNS
study, NN
study, VInf
studying, VGer
stuff, NN
stuffed, VPastPart
style, NN
styles, NNS
subjects, NNS
submitted, VPastPart
substance, NN
substituting, VGer
subtracting, VGer
suburban, JJ
subway, NN
success, NN
successful, JJ
such, JJ
sudden, JJ
sufficient, JJ
sugar, NN
suggest, VPresFin
suit, VInf
suite, NN
suited, VPastPart
summary, NN
summer, NN
sun, NN
sunbathing, VGer
sundress, NN
sunflower, NN
sunlight, NN
sunny, JJ
superb, JJ
superfine, JJ
superheroes, NNS
superiors, NNS
supermarkets, NNS
supported, VPastFin
supported, VPastPart
supporter, NN
supposed, VPastPart
sure, JJ
surges, VSing3PresFin
surrounding, VGer
surroundings, NNS
survey, NN
suspended, VPastPart
suspension, NN
swallow, VPresFin
swarm, NN
sweeping, JJ
swells, NNS
swept, VPastPart
symbolism, NN
syntactic, JJ
syntax, NN
synthetic, JJ
syrup, NN
system, NN
systemic, JJ
systems, NNS
t-shirts, NNS
tablespoon, NN
tablespoons, NNS
take, VInf
take, VPresFin
takes, VSing3PresFin
taking, VGer
taking, VPresPart
talk, VPresFin
tall, JJ
tank, NN
tasty, JJ
tattoos, NNS
taught, VPastFin
taught, VPastPart
tax, NN
teaching, NN
team, NN
teams, NNS
tears, NNS
teaspoon, NN
teaspoons, NNS
technology, NN
tell, VInf
temperatures, NNS
temple, NN
temples, NNS
temporary, JJ
temptations, NNS
tenure, NN
term, NN
tertiaries, NNS
tertiary, NN
test, NN
test, VInf
text, NN
texts, NNS
thank, VInf
theater, NN
theaters, NNS
then-girlfriend, NN
theories, NNS
theorists, NNS
theory, NN
thick, JJ
thin, JJ
thing, NN
things, NNS
think, VInf
think, VPresFin
thinking, NN
third, JJ
third-party, JJ
thought, NN
thought, VPastFin
thoughts, NNS
thousands, NNS
throat, NN
thunderstorms, NNS
ties, NNS
tiles, NNS
time, NN
times, NNS
tips, NNS
tire-marked, VPastPart
tired, JJ
titles, NNS
today, NN
told, VPastFin
told, VPastPart
tolerant, JJ
tome, NN
took, VPastFin
top, JJ
top, NN
top-end, JJ
topless, JJ
tops, NNS
torso, NN
toss, VPresFin
total, JJ
touch, VInf
tour, NN
tourism, NN
tourist, NN
tours, NNS
towers, NNS
town, NN
toxic, JJ
toy, NN
tracing, VGer
track, VInf
trade, NN
trading, VGer
traditional, JJ
traffic, NN
trained, VPastPart
trainer, NN
trainers, NNS
training, NN
trainings, NNS
transfer, VInf
translates, VSing3PresFin
translation, NN
translucent, JJ
transparent, JJ
transportation, NN
transported, VPastPart
trash, NN
trashed, VPastPart
travel, NN
traveled, VPastFin
traveler, NN
traveling, VGer
tray, NN
treasures, NNS
treat, VPresFin
treatments, NNS
tree, NN
trees, NNS
tremendous, JJ
tribes, NNS
triceps, NNS
tries, VSing3PresFin
trip, NN
tropical, JJ
true, JJ
trumped, VPastFin
try, VInf
tubs, NNS
turn, NN
turn, VInf
twentieth-century, NN
twin-sister, NN
two-party, JJ
types, NNS
ultrasonic, JJ
unbeaten, JJ
unconscious, JJ
unconstitutional, JJ
undecided, JJ
undergoing, VPresPart
underpin, VPresFin
underpinnings, NNS
understand, VInf
understand, VPresFin
understood, VPastFin
underway, JJ
unique, JJ
unit, NN
units, NNS
universities, NNS
university, NN
unlikely, JJ
unpleasant, JJ
unsweetened, VPastPart
unusual, JJ
unveiled, VPastPart
upper, JJ
upright, JJ
upside-down, JJ
uptown, NN
urine, NN
use, NN
use, VInf
use, VPresFin
used, VPastPart
using, VGer
usual, JJ
valuable, JJ
vanilla, NN
vanishes, VSing3PresFin
variable, NN
variables, NNS
varies, VSing3PresFin
various, JJ
vegan, JJ
vegetable, NN
vegetation, NN
vendors, NNS
vents, NNS
venture, VInf
version, NN
versions, NNS
vibe, NN
vibes, NNS
vibrant, JJ
victorian, JJ
video, NN
view, NN
view, VPresFin
views, NNS
views, VSing3PresFin
villages, NNS
vinegar, NN
vintage, JJ
violence, NN
virginal, JJ
virus, NN
vision, NN
visit, VInf
visit, VPresFin
visited, VPastFin
visitor, NN
visitors, NNS
voice, NN
volume, NN
volunteer, NN
volunteered, VPastFin
volunteers, NNS
voters, NNS
voting, VGer
vouchers, NNS
vulnerabilities, NNS
wage, NN
wai, NN
wai, VInf
wai'd, VPastPart
waiing, VGer
wait, VInf
waiting, VGer
walk, VPresFin
walking, VGer
walks, NNS
walnut, NN
want, VInf
want, VPresFin
wanted, VPastFin
wants, VSing3PresFin
warehouses, NNS
warnings, NNS
was, VSing3PastFin
washed, VPastPart
watch, VInf
watching, VGer
water, NN
water, VInf
water, VPresFin
waterfront, NN
waters, NNS
wats, NNS
waves, VSing3PresFin
way, NN
ways, NNS
wealth, NN
wear, VInf
wear, VPresFin
wearing, VGer
weather, VInf
website, NN
week, NN
weekend, NN
weekly, JJ
weight, NN
weighted, JJ
weighted, VPastPart
well-dressed, JJ
well-food, JJ
west, JJ
west, NN
western, JJ
westerners, NNS
wet, JJ
wetland, NN
whalelike, JJ
whales, NNS
while, NN
whips, VSing3PresFin
whirring, VGer
whisk, VInf
whispering, VGer
whole, NN
whorls, NNS
wicked, JJ
wide, JJ
wild, JJ
willing, JJ
win, NN
win, VInf
wind, NN
window, NN
winds, NNS
wine, NN
wing, NN
wins, VSing3PresFin
winter, NN
wire, NN
wise, JJ
wish, VInf
wish, VPresFin
witless, JJ
women, NNS
won, VPastFin
wood, NN
wooded, JJ
wooden, JJ
words, NNS
work, NN
work, VInf
work, VPresFin
workable, JJ
worked, VPastFin
working, JJ
working, VGer
working-class, JJ
workplace, NN
works, NNS
works, VSing3PresFin
world, NN
worn, VPastPart
worst, JJS
worth, JJ
wound, VPastFin
write, VInf
wrong, JJ
wrote, VPastFin
yachties, NNS
yachts, NNS
yard, NN
year, NN
years, NNS
yellow, JJ
yellowed, VPastPart
yields, VSing3PresFin
young, JJ
youth, NN
zap, VInf
zoo, NN
ºc, NN
’s, VSing3PresFin